---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-13 07:26:07 +0900"
date:   2013-10-13 07:26:07 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Measurement 3 (Santa Fe) and 2 (San Jose, Vancouver and Los Angeles) details.

Enlightened lead San Jose and Santa Fe. Resistance holding their ground in Los Angeles and Vancouver.

In Los Angeles, +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") and +[Devra Bogdanovich](https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047 ""), near the SANTA MONICA LIBRARY are alleged to have advance Intel on Cluster 3 Volatiles for Los Angeles.

 [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "")  

x <div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - LOS ANGELES - Measurement 2 Report<br /><br />After initial struggles in Vancouver, local Enlightened are back in full force for Measurement 2. Meanwhile the LA Resistance work to systematically recapture and Link all Portals in their path.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 17 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 5 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 7 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 129</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 50<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 247</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 92<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - SAN JOSE - Measurement 2 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 1 Volatile Portals and 19 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 4 Volatile Portals and 14 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br />The Resistance had 3 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><b>The Enlightened had 11 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 73<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 163</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 91<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 287</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - SANTA FE - Measurement 3 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 19 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 52 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 0<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 173</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 13<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 319</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - VANCOUVER - Measurement 2 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 6 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 7 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br />The Resistance had 1 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><b>The Enlightened had 8 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 28<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 43</b><br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 124</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 43<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details:</b><br />Original: 4:36 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: CBPCYunpSEItvuMJJtWhVzXHkmtA 4:36 WrzJUzQB<br />MD5 of Padded String: 4509AB870B9E1B63C2DF70C29FB6A6EA<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS - LOS ANGELES - Measurement 2 Report
After initial struggles in Vancouver, local Enlightened are back in full force for Measurement 2. Meanwhile the LA Resistance work to systematically recapture and Link all Portals in their path.
The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 17 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 5 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 7 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 129
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 50
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 247
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 92
#13MAGNUS - SAN JOSE - Measurement 2 Report
The Resistance owned 1 Volatile Portals and 19 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 4 Volatile Portals and 14 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 3 Links standing at Measurement Time.
The Enlightened had 11 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 73
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 163
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 91
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 287
#13MAGNUS - SANTA FE - Measurement 3 Report
The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 19 Non Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened had 52 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 0
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 173
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 13
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 319
#13MAGNUS - VANCOUVER - Measurement 2 Report
The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 6 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 7 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 1 Links standing at Measurement Time.
The Enlightened had 8 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 28
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 43
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 124
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 43
Measurement Time Details:
Original: 4:36 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: CBPCYunpSEItvuMJJtWhVzXHkmtA 4:36 WrzJUzQB
MD5 of Padded String: 4509AB870B9E1B63C2DF70C29FB6A6EA](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-Ad8gkbv7lpI/UlnJM-n6aPI/AAAAAAAAURA/zCeB7bYpI6M/w1000-h594/13magnus-la-c2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/c39DMACDrDQ](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/c39DMACDrDQ)
