---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-22 21:25:22 +0900"
date:   2013-08-22 21:25:22 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Leveraging a Megafield and extraordinary dominance on the ground, the Resistance are making up for lost time.

Excellent work, Hong Kong Resistance, now strengthen your defenses and brace for the final measurement.

 [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "")  

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Operation</b> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> - Hong Kong<br /><br />The Resistance respond in Measurement 2 by neutralizing the Enlightened megafield and establishing their own. Without much Enlightened opposition on the ground, the Resistance are again able to secure all Volatiles. With a Field over all Portals in the Cluster measured at a value of 50, the same as securing all Volatile Portals, the Enlightened strategy from the outset appears to have been only to minimize damage, not to capture the Anomaly.<br /><br /><b>Total for the Resistance this Anomaly = 213</b><br />Total for the Enlightened this Anomaly = 58<br /><br /><b>Measurement 2 Details</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 5 Volatile Portals and 43 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 0 Volatile Portals and 4 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>A Resistance Field covered all the Portals in this Cluster (50).</b><br /><br /><b>Total for the Resistance this Measurement = 143</b><br />Total for the Enlightened this Measurement = 4<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:              TWO MINUTES TWENTY EIGHT SECONDS PAST THE HOUR<br />Padded: XXXXXXXXXXXXXTWOXMINUTESXTWENTYXEIGHTXSECONDSXPASTXTHEXHOUR<br />OTP Key: DODNFTQKKHFZNSTIOKPWASBIDTSYZQEWZWWKHSWGUUDJPPMKIOQWPKJKZAR<br />Encrypted String: ALAKCQNHHECWKLPWLWXJULFAAMOCMJCTDECRAPOKWIQMHMBKAHNPWOGRNUI<br />MD5 of OTP Key: 6995432E5A39141AF12F9E247EF06573<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-IyZKKuMxp6I/UhYAoaipjRI/AAAAAAAAPkk/hoSarG8ifS8/cassandra-hongkong-2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/RUuDfpgMUvG](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/RUuDfpgMUvG)
