---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-13 06:25:08 +0900"
date:   2013-10-13 06:25:08 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Enlightened, in a last minute show of strength, take Montreal.

Santa Fe continues.

Los Angeles, Vancouver and San Jose begin.

Operation  [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "")  

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - MONTREAL - Measurement 4 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 2 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 3 Volatile Portals and 9 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 5 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 22<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 49</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 146<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 172</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - SANTA FE - Measurement 2 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 1 Volatile Portals and 2 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 4 Volatile Portals and 7 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 10 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 12<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 67</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 13<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 146</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - LOS ANGELES - Measurement 1 Report<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 14 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 1 Volatile Portals and 6 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 6 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br />The Enlightened had 2 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><br />Mind Units at Anomaly START (R): 401,208,075<br />Mind Units at Anomaly START (E): 442,795,477<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 118</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 42<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - SAN JOSE - Measurement 1 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 9 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 12 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 18<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 124</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - VANCOUVER - Measurement 1 Report<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 14 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 26 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 96</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 0<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details:</b><br />Original: 4:15 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: vUiufQGP 4:15 nAwCYczQaEQzvYMAgUTuoieum<br />MD5 of Padded String: 537625B7330250403A86B9750BC3208D<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-EGMQF4HyVaA/Ulm7fBZILPI/AAAAAAAAUOA/wYDVF_qWN6c/13magnusoct12-2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/c4Kw9ZpBRTD](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/c4Kw9ZpBRTD)
