---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-13 08:27:52 +0900"
date:   2013-10-13 08:27:52 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Enlightened claim Santa Fe. 

Los Angeles, Vancouver and San Jose barrel forward to their climactic finales.

+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") and +[Devra Bogdanovich](https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047 "") have been spotted with advance Volatile info near the Historic Cannon. They may be on the move and not linger there much longer.

Operation [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "")

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - SANTA FE - Measurement 4 Report<br /><br />The Enlightened secure Operation <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> Santa Fe, and all eyes turn to the final Measurements in Los Angeles, San Jose, and Vancouver. With Global Mind Unit Shift in effect for LAX and SJC, there is still time for Agents to contribute to their Faction's Anomaly outcome by establishing local Fields or neutralizing enemy Fields before Measurement 4.<br /><br />The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 3 Volatile Portals and 18 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 39 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 20<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 126</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 33<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 445</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - LOS ANGELES - Measurement 3 Report<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 5 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 0 Volatile Portals and 3 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 21 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 235</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 6<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 482</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 98<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - SAN JOSE - Measurement 3 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 1 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 4 Volatile Portals and 21 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br />The Resistance had 1 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><b>The Enlightened had 15 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 55<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 197</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 146<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 484</b><br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - VANCOUVER - Measurement 3 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 7 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 3 Volatile Portals and 6 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br />The Resistance had 3 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><b>The Enlightened had 9 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 33<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 54</b><br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 157</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 97<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details:</b><br />Original: 3:59 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: alMVhPjKGr 3:59 YYzLKGuKR<br />MD5 of Padded String: D918CF3FFFD9C9F3250727BA6C02F83A<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS - SANTA FE - Measurement 4 Report
The Enlightened secure Operation #13MAGNUS Santa Fe, and all eyes turn to the final Measurements in Los Angeles, San Jose, and Vancouver. With Global Mind Unit Shift in effect for LAX and SJC, there is still time for Agents to contribute to their Faction's Anomaly outcome by establishing local Fields or neutralizing enemy Fields before Measurement 4.
The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 3 Volatile Portals and 18 Non Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened had 39 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 20
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 126
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 33
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 445
#13MAGNUS - LOS ANGELES - Measurement 3 Report
The Resistance owned 5 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 0 Volatile Portals and 3 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 21 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 235
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 6
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 482
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 98
#13MAGNUS - SAN JOSE - Measurement 3 Report
The Resistance owned 1 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 4 Volatile Portals and 21 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 1 Links standing at Measurement Time.
The Enlightened had 15 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 55
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 197
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 146
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 484
#13MAGNUS - VANCOUVER - Measurement 3 Report
The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 7 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 3 Volatile Portals and 6 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 3 Links standing at Measurement Time.
The Enlightened had 9 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 33
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 54
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 157
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 97
Measurement Time Details:
Original: 3:59 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: alMVhPjKGr 3:59 YYzLKGuKR
MD5 of Padded String: D918CF3FFFD9C9F3250727BA6C02F83A](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-lgTgABa3PXY/UlnXIjZOfYI/AAAAAAAAUUE/oHgx-tb51jY/w1024-h768/13magnusoct12-3.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/DiGsPc2rXTL](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/DiGsPc2rXTL)
