---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-12 18:12:29 +0900"
date:   2013-10-12 18:12:29 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Enlightened's brutal dominance of Operation  [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "")  - Bangkok continues.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - BANGKOK - Measurement 3 Report<br /><br />Designing the optimal Link network, the Enlightened create nearly 100 Links using Cluster 3 Portals. Incredible.<br /><br />The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 30 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 99 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 0<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 655</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 0<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 1825</b><br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details:</b><br />Original: 3:44 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: sFLXcCgIPzOTYUzJRYX 3:44 XHckluTgm<br />MD5 of Padded String: A3B169FF8CE4CD646E8BEC7ACC6AC02C<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS - BANGKOK - Measurement 3 Report
Designing the optimal Link network, the Enlightened create nearly 100 Links using Cluster 3 Portals. Incredible.
The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 30 Non Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened had 99 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 0
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 655
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 0
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 1825
Measurement Time Details:
Original: 3:44 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: sFLXcCgIPzOTYUzJRYX 3:44 XHckluTgm
MD5 of Padded String: A3B169FF8CE4CD646E8BEC7ACC6AC02C](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-T2n4eFH5wcE/UlkREVtwxhI/AAAAAAAAT6A/F1x8DKEfGBE/w1000-h594/13magnus-bangkok-c3.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/5Z3xS6qjMdG](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/5Z3xS6qjMdG)
