---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-12 16:20:48 +0900"
date:   2013-10-12 16:20:48 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Reports coming in from Bangkok. Resistance massively overwhelmed. They will need to rethink their strategy on the ground, finding a corner of ground and holding it using what forces they have.

Measurement 1 has been claimed overwhelmingly by the Enlightened.

 [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "")

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - BANGKOK - Measurement 1 Report<br /><br />The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 24 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 80 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Mind Units at Anomaly START (R): 476,123,742.<br />Mind Units at Anomaly START (E): 391,603,353.<br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 0<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 548</b><br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details:</b><br />Original: 4:46 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: GdTlQRZgxIOaFJXAILgKuHnDDyINbpD 4:46 WxLYJjqpliMY<br />MD5 of Padded String: 41FBC9D39D6706D534C7826EEB5C58DC<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS - BANGKOK - Measurement 1 Report
The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 0 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 24 Non Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened had 80 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Mind Units at Anomaly START (R): 476,123,742.
Mind Units at Anomaly START (E): 391,603,353.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 0
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 548
Measurement Time Details:
Original: 4:46 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: GdTlQRZgxIOaFJXAILgKuHnDDyINbpD 4:46 WxLYJjqpliMY
MD5 of Padded String: 41FBC9D39D6706D534C7826EEB5C58DC](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-s5E8Rb3ajz4/Ulj3QeByf3I/AAAAAAAAT1U/0KSUCQwkAUE/w1000-h594/13magnus-bangkok-c1.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/gsENNCVX64w](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/gsENNCVX64w)
