---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-24 22:20:01 +0900"
date:   2013-08-24 22:20:01 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Enlightened rally and capture the second Measurement at Operation  [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "")  - Cologne.

A worrisome trend, and one that needs to be checked immediately.

The Resistance still hold the anomaly, and the ground ahead, but all that can change in a flash. Tenacity, Resistance. Hold your ground and fight.

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Operation</b> Cassandra - Cologne<br /><br />The Enlightened capture 4 Volatile Portals to secure Measurement 2. While remaining mindful that the rest of the field is not left vulnerable, securing Volatiles is a key to each Measurement, if not the Anomaly. But there is also the matter of possible megafields.<br /><br /><b>Total for the Resistance this Anomaly = 233</b><br />Total for the Enlightened this Anomaly = 216<br /><br /><b>Measurement 2 Details</b><br /><br />The Resistance owned 1 Volatile Portal and 18 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 4 Volatile Portals and 19 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 10 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br />The Enlightened had 3 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><br />Total for the Resistance this Measurement = 106<br /><b>Total for the Enlightened this Measurement = 133</b><br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:             TWO MINUTES ANDFIFTY ONE SECONDS PAST THE HOUR <br />Padded: XXXXXXXXXXXXTWOXMINUTESXANDFIFTYXONEXSECONDSXPASTXTHEXHOURX<br />OTP Key: PNJDEQUABGQHDOESTGSWLKBARAIPRWAPCWZFWXCVZPNSFQJJGUFOXENUIUD<br />Encrypted String: MKGABNRXYDNEWKSPFOFQEOTXRNLUZBTNZKMJTPGXNCQKCFJBZRYVBBUICLA<br />MD5 of OTP Key: 4FB29A3278448F879B35CDBA09B7F87D<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-VswvOJyO0F4/UhiwRHbRi2I/AAAAAAAAQJU/3MBaddsMGjs/cassandra-cologne-2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/VLkAoG2jkyB](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/VLkAoG2jkyB)
