---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-18 03:31:36 +0900"
date:   2013-08-18 03:31:36 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
An Enlightened field blanketing the region propels them to a mighty lead at the first Measurement in the Boston and DC vector of Operation  [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "") . 

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Operation</b> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> - DC + Boston<br /><br />The Resistance use their advance notice to assist their targeting of high-value Volatile Portals. However, the Enlightened are able to successfully establish a megafield over all Portals in DC Cluster 1 and hold it through the Measurement Time.<br /><br /><b>Measurement 1 Details</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 26 Non-Volatile Portals in Boston. In Washington D.C. they controlled 3 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 9 Non-Volatile Portals in Boston. In Washington D.C. they controlled 2 Volatile Portals and 32 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>An Enlightened Field covered all the Portals in this Cluster in Washington D.C. (100)</b><br /><b>An Enlightened Field covered the White House (50)</b><br /><b>An Enlightened Field covered the US Capitol (50)</b><br /><br />The Resistance had 4 Links standing at Measurement Time. 4 in Boston and 0 in Washington D.C.<br /><b>The Enlightened had 8 Links standing at Measurement Time. 2 in Boston and 6 in Washington D.C.</b><br /><br />Total for the Resistance this Measurement = 222. (Boston: 132 DC: 90.)<br />Total for the Enlightened this Measurement = 402. (Boston: 68 DC: 334.)<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:    FOURTY  SEVEN  SECONDS   AND TWO  MINUTES PAST  TWO  PM <br />Padded: XXXFOURTYXXSEVENXXSECONDSXXXANDXTWOXXMINUTESXPASTXXTWOXXPMX<br />OTP Key: MQPRSUTUFBUXRRCBAUETNVVGYXSJYCSIXTDRYEJBYLFDMKZPVTQAUXTEVAC<br />Encrypted String: JNMWGOKNDYRPVMGOXRWXPJIJQUPGYPVFQPROVQROSEJVJZZHOQNTQLQBKMZ<br />MD5 of OTP Key: 90c29949007ccd28d98eb78936be706b<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-CgT0juJHuPA/Ug-_dwec43I/AAAAAAAAOgE/elxeKTFo9Ik/cassandra-dcboston-1.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/MrLSKNRgjux](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/MrLSKNRgjux)
