---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-25 04:16:59 +0900"
date:   2013-08-25 04:16:59 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Resistance, with the Enlightened field over New York dismantled, capture Measurement 2 of Operation [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "") - New York City and Chicago.

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Operation</b> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> - Final Anomaly Sites, NY + CHI<br /><br />The Resistance focus on their strategic targets and neutralize Fields, capture more Portals, and establish Links to secure Measurement 2. The Resistance will never surrender. New York and Chicago Agents are just getting started.<br /><br />Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 643. (New York: 500 Chicago: 143.)<br /><b>Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 804. (New York: 233 Chicago: 571.)</b><br /><br /><b>Measurement 2 Details</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 4 Volatile Portals and 30 Non-Volatile Portals in New York. In Chicago, they controlled 1 Volatile Portal and 16 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 1 Volatile Portal and 13 Non-Volatile Portals in New York. In Chicago, they controlled 4 Volatile Portals and 20 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 28 Links standing at measurement time. 23 in New York and 5 in Chicago.</b><br />The Enlightened had 27 Links standing at measurement time. 1 in New York and 26 in Chicago.<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 332. (New York: 255 Chicago: 77.)</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 301. (New York: 51 Chicago: 250.)<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:   THIRTY THREE   SECONDS     AND   ONE MINUTE PAST THE HOUR<br />Padded: XXTHIRTYXTHREEXXXSECONDSXXXXXANDXXXONEXMINUTEXPASTXTHEXHOUR<br />OTP Key: TWZSRWPYVOIZSSXBCVSLKWQKTRSOQAQZTCBHXMJCZDTZAKYYXWUBQOCMUVB<br />Encrypted String: QTSZZNIWSHPQWWUYZNWNYJTCQOPLNADCQZYVKQGOHQNSEHNYPPRUXSZTIPS<br />MD5 of OTP Key: 1199627147765C6ECC1DCFA7817DC20A<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-EvBRH5E9t7I/UhkE56GDu-I/AAAAAAAAQcg/5_AhssIenk8/cassandra-nycchi-2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9cyPEdoBma2](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9cyPEdoBma2)
