---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-13 09:16:38 +0900"
date:   2013-10-13 09:16:38 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Resistance capture Operation [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "") - Vancouver.

Measurement details for Los Angeles and San Jose are expected shortly.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a>  - VANCOUVER - Measurement 4 Report<br /><br />Consistently maintaining the upper hand through the course of the Anomaly, the <b>Resistance</b> claim Vancouver.<br /><br />Final Measurement Details for Los Angeles and San Jose will be released shortly.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 4 Volatile Portals and 6 Non-Volatile Portals</b><br />The Enlightened owned 1 Volatile Portals and 15 Non Volatile Portals<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 6 Links standing at measurement time.</b><br />The Enlightened had 2 Links standing at measurement time.<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 58</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 29<br /><b>Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 215</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 126<br /><br /><i>Measurement Times Details</i><br />Original: 2:22 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: woPqBvtemkg 2:22 rjPbBBJJlyWBIbXYPfn<br />MD5 of Padded String: E90D4D4CA09E13F8CBC3FACEAA591A4B<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS  - VANCOUVER - Measurement 4 Report
Consistently maintaining the upper hand through the course of the Anomaly, the Resistance claim Vancouver.
Final Measurement Details for Los Angeles and San Jose will be released shortly.
The Resistance owned 4 Volatile Portals and 6 Non-Volatile Portals
The Enlightened owned 1 Volatile Portals and 15 Non Volatile Portals
The Resistance had 6 Links standing at measurement time.
The Enlightened had 2 Links standing at measurement time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 58
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 29
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 215
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 126
Measurement Times Details
Original: 2:22 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: woPqBvtemkg 2:22 rjPbBBJJlyWBIbXYPfn
MD5 of Padded String: E90D4D4CA09E13F8CBC3FACEAA591A4B](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-LI41cPFeZ3E/UlnlpBV48YI/AAAAAAAAUWg/q48TUxJ48Vw/w1024-h768/13magnus-OCT12-VANCOUVER.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NSb3ZP6oeRC](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NSb3ZP6oeRC)
