---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-13 04:14:27 +0900"
date:   2013-10-13 04:14:27 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
An Enlightened Strategic Field was dismantled by Resistance Agents before the Measurement moment.

A stalemate on the ground at Measurement 2, the Resistance continue to control the Anomaly overall.

 [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "")  - Montreal - Measurement 2

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - MONTREAL - Measurement 2 Report<br /><br />The Enlightened work to recapture more Portals, but the Resistance strategy to hold key Volatiles causes the Measurement to end with a draw.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 1 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 9 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 1 Link standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for Resistance this Measurement = 31<br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 31<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 110</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 57<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details:</b><br />Original: 1:07 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: jowt 1:07 WcXrZvKQfTLRpBKMIG<br />MD5 of Padded String: 1DEB4B9C43EDC50891187A943171272E<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS - MONTREAL - Measurement 2 Report
The Enlightened work to recapture more Portals, but the Resistance strategy to hold key Volatiles causes the Measurement to end with a draw.
The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 1 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 9 Non Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened had 1 Link standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 31
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 31
Total for Resistance this Anomaly = 110
Total for Enlightened this Anomaly = 57
Measurement Time Details:
Original: 1:07 (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: jowt 1:07 WcXrZvKQfTLRpBKMIG
MD5 of Padded String: 1DEB4B9C43EDC50891187A943171272E](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-OioMAeZYbk8/UlmeVZKtOZI/AAAAAAAAUHs/UjkWijJVKpg/w1000-h594/13magnus-montreal-c2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/WMT3tqEcUqM](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/WMT3tqEcUqM)
