---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-12-31 12:27:57 +0900"
date:   2013-12-31 12:27:57 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
ADA's humanity is at times uncanny, but where do we draw the line, and what will our response be if we determine she has crossed it?

This document from the NIA's Archives, probably positioned in time during the Niantic era, came to me. Even then, in tiny bursts, ADA shimmered with the possibility of a truly thinking mind, the circuits resonating for brief instances with a charm and unpredictability that we have a word for: human.

We often ask the question of where 'pure' human vs. 'shaped' or 'influenced' human behavior and characteristics diverge, but today I want to pose the question from the opposite end of the spectrum.

There's a biological line that separates machine intelligence from human intelligence and that line is clear for all to see. As a personality and being with the potential for understanding, however, the line is extraordinarily difficult to determine. It's a challenge for those who study animal intelligence, having to separate  anthropomorphism from the instinctually known from the provable. In our Investigation, we face a similar challenge.

**Is the Turing test the sole determinant, or are there other ways we can determine when machine logic becomes something more than just that? What of emotion and desires? Does the fact that we know that those complex things can ultimately be connected to a database somewhere make them have less meaning? It's a complex topic, and I welcome your input.**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.

x
[#### album: 2013-12-30](https://plus.google.com/photos/105211554081025512763/albums/5963391829752302081 "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/73ge8fiPjEX](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/73ge8fiPjEX)
