---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-09-07 17:37:11 +0900"
date:   2013-09-07 17:37:11 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
When I received this poster, again signed by Tycho, I rushed back to Chicago. Hoping, I think, to prove him wrong.

I regret to inform you that I have identified the body of +[Carrie Campbell](https://plus.google.com/101180225942784917383 "") at a Chicago Morgue.

The Tycho image clearly showed part of a note written by Carrie, but when I asked the Detectives about it they were not forthcoming. I didn't show them the fragment from the Poster. They were visibly uncomfortable with my presence, and I'm fairly certain that operatives from an unknown organization had us under surveillance. It was a great risk going into a situation like that, for all I knew it could have been an NIA trap, but I had to do it.

As I was leaving, a figure emerged briefly from the shadows and bumped into me. I didn't pay much attention at the time, but later, I found a small folded up note in my pocket. Hurriedly scrawled upon it, I found this message, which I believe to be Carrie's final words:

*Roland Jarvis deceived us at Cassandra. He unleashed the Civilization Self Destruct code. There is only one way to stop it. Do not misunderstand. This is not suicide, it is sacrifice. One life for a Civilization. Carrie.*

While I feared this would be the outcome of Carrie's disappearance, I am saddened to have to verify it. I have lost a friend. We all have lost an extraordinary investigator and mind. 

**Today, we must mourn and ask ourselves: Will this sacrifice be enough? The brash invasion of yesterday's Ingress Report by Jarvis is a sharp reminder of how greatly his power and influence has grown during and as a result of  ****[#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "")**** . According to him, this sacrifice changes nothing. My questions to you is, then what will?**

A passcode to those who contribute thoughtfully to our discussion, as always. 
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-tlSMrgSysMc/UipvVmFKxcI/AAAAAAAAMgE/EvMS2GmVOrY/Sacrifice.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/EmtML3a3KrX](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/EmtML3a3KrX)
