---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-10-13 03:16:15 +0900"
date:   2013-10-13 03:16:15 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Resistance begin their return to fighting shape after a disappointing outcome in Bangkok this AM.

Here are the results of Measurement 1. Operation [#13MAGNUS](https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS "") - Montreal.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%2313MAGNUS">#13MAGNUS</a> - MONTREAL - Measurement 1 Report<br /><br />Unphased after the events in Bangkok, Montreal Resistance charge on. If anything, the last few hours seem to have rallied the Faction to work more closely and coordinate internationally.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 4 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 17 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br />The Enlightened had 1 Links standing at Measurement Time.<br /><br /><b>Total for Resistance this Measurement = 79</b><br />Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 26<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br />Original: 4:08  (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)<br />Padded: SsggVAUogWKBRbxkpkdUXsylFDtMsakvekT 4:08 oSoNF<br />MD5 of Padded String: 471A59D38AB7E6E45A1F36507B2A6321<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: #13MAGNUS - MONTREAL - Measurement 1 Report
Unphased after the events in Bangkok, Montreal Resistance charge on. If anything, the last few hours seem to have rallied the Faction to work more closely and coordinate internationally.
The Resistance owned 3 Volatile Portals and 15 Non-Volatile Portals.
The Enlightened owned 2 Volatile Portals and 4 Non Volatile Portals.
The Resistance had 17 Links standing at Measurement Time.
The Enlightened had 1 Links standing at Measurement Time.
Total for Resistance this Measurement = 79
Total for Enlightened this Measurement = 26
Measurement Time Details
Original: 4:08  (Minutes:Seconds past the hour)
Padded: SsggVAUogWKBRbxkpkdUXsylFDtMsakvekT 4:08 oSoNF
MD5 of Padded String: 471A59D38AB7E6E45A1F36507B2A6321](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-_Ud1yRUpFuU/UlmQImb4doI/AAAAAAAAUFs/k_CRvXqMIq4/w1000-h594/13magnus-montreal-c1.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/fsGQ6o9hE3N](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/fsGQ6o9hE3N)
