---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-21 04:34:14 +0900"
date:   2013-08-21 04:34:14 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
I've said it before. I'll say it again. Think of the bigger picture. A single portal captured today is one more in hand for the next Anomaly. Don't give up. Don't walk away. Fight till the end and keep the long strategy in heart and in mind.

Operation [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "") - Paris ends in staggering defeat for the Resistance.

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>The Enlightened capture Operation</b> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> - Paris.<br /><br />The Paris Enlightened worked for weeks to spread the word about the Anomaly, well before learning even the approximate locations of each Cluster. By mobilizing more Agents on the ground to help execute their swarming strategy, the Enlightened successfully secured nearly every Portal, Volatile and Non-Volatile, in the final 2 Measurements.<br /><br />There are 5 Anomaly Sites remaining. There is still time for the Resistance to change the course. But it will take planning, teamwork, and global coordination.<br /><br />Total for the Resistance this Anomaly = 28<br /><b>Total for the Enlightened this Anomaly = 433</b><br /><br /><b>Measurement 3 Details</b><br /><br />The Resistance owned 0 Volatile Portals and 1 Non-Volatile Portal.<br /><b>The Enlightened owned 5 Volatile Portals and 33 Non Volatile Portals.</b><br /><br /><b>The Enlightened had 54 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br />Total for the Resistance this Measurement = 1<br /><b>Total for the Enlightened this Measurement = 191</b><br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:   THIRTY FIVE SECONDS AND ONE MINUTE PAST      NINE<br />Padded: XXTHIRTYXFIVEXSECONDSXANDXONEXMINUTEXPASTXXXXXXNINEXXXXXXXX<br />OTP Key: WHNYUKUSLWGRQLTIHFBFVHHIFKJWLVZJGEIMNGNFEDEZIQYIPHLSGOTQGVJ<br />Encrypted String: TEGFCBNQIBOMUILMJTOINEHVIHXJPSLRTYBQKVNXXABWFNVVXUPPDLQNDSG<br />MD5 of OTP Key: 96ADD7BC5AEBD3C22DFCAAC33E642623<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-gn1q35HcaEg/UhPAhNsMfbI/AAAAAAAAPFk/jJn5mWWoZo0/MasterScoring-8.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YAc86JwTs1y](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YAc86JwTs1y)
