---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-18 05:19:43 +0900"
date:   2013-08-18 05:19:43 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The Resistance in Boston and DC emerge, showing their true colors. 

As of Measurement 3, the Resistance now control Operation [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "") - Boston and DC.

You make me proud.  Now keep me proud. One Measurement to go.

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Operation</b> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> - DC + Boston<br /><br />The Resistance ignore the Enlightened rhetoric, and instead put their heads down and get stuff done. The Resistance now lead the <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> DC + Boston Anomaly Sites by a value of 21. It comes down to Measurement 4. Don't save your Xmps for a rainy day. Don't hesitate to deploy your HiLVL Resonators. The time is right now. And it is time to move, Agents.<br /><br /><b>Measurement 3 Details</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 2 Volatile Portals and 5 Non-Volatile Portals in Boston. In Washington D.C. they controlled 4 Volatile Portals and 22 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 3 Volatile Portals and 13 Non-Volatile Portals in Boston. In Washington D.C. they controlled 1 Volatile Portal and 12 Non-Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 29 Links standing at Measurement Time. 6 in Boston and 23 in Washington D.C.</b><br />The Enlightened had 10 Links standing at Measurement Time. 3 in Boston and 7 in Washington D.C.<br /><br /><b>Total for the Resistance this Measurement = 319. (Boston: 80 DC: 239.)</b><br />Total for the Enlightened this Measurement = 180. (Boston: 101 DC: 79.)<br /><br /><b>Total for the Resistance this Anomaly = 722. (Boston: 285 DC: 437.)</b><br />Total for the Enlightened this Anomaly = 701. (Boston: 258 DC: 443.)<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:      FOUR  O      CLOCK   AND    FOURTY    SIX     SECONDS <br />Padded: XXXXXFOURXXOXXXXXXCLOCKXXXANDXXXXFOURTYXXXXSIXXXXXXSECONDSX<br />OTP Key: FYTSEPFWZQRRHZXIKVPISDAQLVVUDMXSJARJAZJCJDUEPPDHCGBKOSAQGFQ<br />Encrypted String: CVQPBUTQQNOFEWUFHSRTGFKNISVHGJUPGFFDRSHZGARWXMAEZDYCSUODJXN<br />MD5 of OTP Key: 9e8b7d7944f58072b32ac56fd1d07401<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-X7DE--DumIw/Ug_Y8EwpxYI/AAAAAAAAOj4/kGBXwbiDN0M/cassandra-dcboston-3.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9CeACyxGFFN](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9CeACyxGFFN)
