---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2013-08-18 14:25:41 +0900"
date:   2013-08-18 14:25:41 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
An Enlightened Megafield went up just moments too late. If it stays up through the coming Measurements, it will cut away at what seems to be an impressive Resistance performance.

Keep at it, friends, and  [#Cassandra](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra "")  will be an even battle in just a few hours.

-PAC<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Operation</b> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Cassandra">#Cassandra</a> - Manila<br /><br />The Resistance established a megafield that covered all Portals in Cluster 1, and held it through Measurement 1. While the Enlightened have responded by also establishing their own megafields on top of the earlier Resistance field, these were not established at the Measurement Time.<br /><br /><b>Measurement 1 Details</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance owned 4 Volatile Portals and 21 Non-Volatile Portals.</b><br />The Enlightened owned 1 Volatile Portal and 2 Non Volatile Portals.<br /><br /><b>A Resistance Field covered all the Portals in this Cluster (50).</b><br /><br /><b>The Resistance had 22 Links standing at Measurement Time.</b><br /><br /><b>Total for the Resistance this Measurement = 155</b><br />Total for the Enlightened this Measurement = 12<br /><br /><b>Measurement Time Details</b><br /><br />Original:    ONE   O  CLOCK   FOUR MINUTES  FIFTY  EIGHT   SECONDS   <br />Padded: XXXONEXXXOXXCLOCKXXXFOURXMINUTESXXFIFTYXXEIGHTXXXSECONDSXXX<br />OTP Key: JYEWBRAFCQHTSAMSNVPDDNBJCZPPGRFPJOBTNREDBDDVJMKVFZLGRZRMJCC<br />Encrypted String: GVBKOVXCZEEQULAUXSMAIBVAZLXCAKJHGLGBSKCAYHLBQFHSCRPIFMUEGZZ<br />MD5 of OTP Key: e78e8716a0ef8404c43c4a8283b1efe6<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-HH2QQBanGWk/UhBZRYuwsaI/AAAAAAAAOuY/tnEnRrTWixU/cassandra-manila-1.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/TSYpZfEiQRj](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/TSYpZfEiQRj)
