---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-19 13:47:46 +0900"
date:   2014-01-19 13:47:46 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
What are the Shapers?

+[Stein Lightman](https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033 "") today shared the meaning of two previously undiscovered Shaper Glyphs: The Glyphs for 'You' and 'I.'

It was strange seeing them. I agree with Lightman... I had, for some reason, assumed that some concepts would never appear in the form of Glyphs, that the ideas they represented where wholly 'ours.'

**What, in your mind, is common and shared between our understanding of the universe and the Shapers' understanding of the universe? It's a big question, one that forces us to contemplate our very idea of what 'they' (if the Shapers are indeed a 'they') really are. Does Time exist for the Shapers, or did they create the Glyphs for 'Past,' 'Present' and 'Future' purely to map a human experience? What about 'Live' and 'Die?' The same could be said of these Glyphs, 'You' and 'I.' What is different, what is shared?**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful speculation, insights and references.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Stein Lightman</h2>My thinking over the last few days, after my own previous message as well as upon hearing Yuri's strange but evocative story, led to some interesting discoveries.<br /><br />They stand in opposition, and yet when the points they articulate meet: Harmony.<br /><br />I had never thought that Glyphs would exist for such these ideas, perhaps because I assumed that such concepts are intrinsically human. it's particularly interesting because another Glyph exists for the idea of 'Self.' I've yet to determine how the Glyph for 'Me' and the Glyph for 'Self' vary in nuance.<br /><br /></div>
[#### album: 2014-01-18](https://plus.google.com/photos/115238965157544465033/albums/5970459443258857649 "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/b86pCgEBdX9](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/b86pCgEBdX9)
