---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-21 12:05:23 +0900"
date:   2014-10-21 12:05:23 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Who is conspiring to help +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") stay one step ahead of his pursuers? As information leaks, on a day to day basis, Hank's reminder is an important one.

As investigators, we must not only take into account the content of any leaks, but what motive must have spurred the release of the information in the first place. Who did it intend to help, who did it intend to hurt.

Failing to do so, we allow ourselves to become pawns in someone else's game of chess.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@668, :value=>"shared"@675}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "It’s amusing to me that Zeke has turned to the aid of a CIA Agent to try and find me, at least that is what I draw from hearing about the intel that emerged from Huntington Beach.", "<br />", "<br />", "It’s equally possible that Calvin was trying to figure out what they knew, giving just enough to test the water. That would be more like him.", "<br />", "<br />", "As always, it’s worth wondering: Why was this conversation leaked? Who intercepted it? Omnivore’s controlled by the NIA. ADA has never actively supported my investigations in the past, and most would agree, her motives always appear to be narrowly self-serving. Perhaps this time... unlikely but possible.", "<br />", "<br />", "When I see stuff like this image (redacted by me to remove any information that could be used to reveal my location) in my inbox from an anonymous sender, I have to wonder: Who shared this with me and why. Why do they want to help me stay one step ahead of my pursuers?", "<br />", "<br />", "Conspiring for my success...", "<br />", "<br />", "I’ve had a feeling for a long time that there is a hidden element lurking inside of ADA. Is it a part of ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/110350977702120778591\" oid=\"110350977702120778591\">Klue S.</a>"], " that remains? The part that drew her to Scotland to discover something she felt but could not see? Is it something else... something hiding in plain sight.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: It’s amusing to me that Zeke has turned to the aid of a CIA Agent to try and find me, at least that is what I draw from hearing about the intel that emerged from Huntington Beach.
It’s equally possible that Calvin was trying to figure out what they knew, giving just enough to test the water. That would be more like him.
As always, it’s worth wondering: Why was this conversation leaked? Who intercepted it? Omnivore’s controlled by the NIA. ADA has never actively supported my investigations in the past, and most would agree, her motives always appear to be narrowly self-serving. Perhaps this time... unlikely but possible.
When I see stuff like this image (redacted by me to remove any information that could be used to reveal my location) in my inbox from an anonymous sender, I have to wonder: Who shared this with me and why. Why do they want to help me stay one step ahead of my pursuers?
Conspiring for my success...
I’ve had a feeling for a long time that there is a hidden element lurking inside of ADA. Is it a part of +Klue S. that remains? The part that drew her to Scotland to discover something she felt but could not see? Is it something else... something hiding in plain sight.](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-qB1vv1G4Q34/VEXK-AB9ScI/AAAAAAAABck/rJTXW4Rxr1k/w1234-h694/Bird.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2Fs3DUQTXna](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2Fs3DUQTXna)
