---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-08-10 13:29:27 +0900"
date:   2014-08-10 13:29:27 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
The [#Helios](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Helios "") Artifacts are likely to emerge from the Portals within days, or perhaps even less...

If activated, it is expected they will return the Portal Network to its original state, undoing the effects of +[Devra Bogdanovich](https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047 "") and the CDC's Virus.

Devra, in a statement released a short time ago, vows to return her attention to her XM inoculation program, with a hope to shield human minds permanently from the effects of Exotic Matter.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Devra Bogdanovich</h2>There is no real victor here.  <br /><br />The XM infection has grown so deep that I have no choice but to reassess my strategies.  My Portal eradication program was designed to curb the influx of XM, but I realize now that this initiative came too late.  Exotic Matter has taken root in humanity, and the only solution now is to fully reverse its effects.  We cannot fight the fire from within the forest.<br /><br />My only choice is to concentrate all of my attention and resources onto the inoculation program in order to render XM ineffective on the human mind.  If you will not stand down, then I will be there when you collapse - and I will have the answer.  Thank you, Agents, for showing me the way.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: There is no real victor here.
The XM infection has grown so deep that I have no choice but to reassess my strategies.  My Portal eradication program was designed to curb the influx of XM, but I realize now that this initiative came too late.  Exotic Matter has taken root in humanity, and the only solution now is to fully reverse its effects.  We cannot fight the fire from within the forest.
My only choice is to concentrate all of my attention and resources onto the inoculation program in order to render XM ineffective on the human mind.  If you will not stand down, then I will be there when you collapse - and I will have the answer.  Thank you, Agents, for showing me the way.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-EzIha0igDnA/U-bzQo6RJsI/AAAAAAAABxA/KqKKfPNf2R8/w1042-h526/Billion.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/QaLzToqsSK5](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/QaLzToqsSK5)
