---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-11 12:29:31 +0900"
date:   2014-01-11 12:29:31 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Another transcript from the Brandt investigation emerges, it seems she followed the money used to lure Katalena in and discovered a conversation between a 'Female Voice,' likely ADA, and a less than ethical banker.

**Here's a fascinating question for us to ponder: Why did ADA choose to use a crooked banker as her pathway into financial assets? Was it some tangible understanding of a moral system and a desire to work against someone operating outside its norms, or was it merely a series of calculations involving the vulnerabilities that could be leveraged against him? One could ask the same question of ADA's choice to send Katalena to a treatment center. Was there any desire to help her, or was it purely a matter of optimizing an asset for future use. In ADA's journey towards the human, where, if ever, and how, do some of the more intangible human qualities enter the system?**

A passcode to those who enrich this conversation with meaningful speculation, insights and references.

x
[#### photo: Another transcript from the Brandt investigation emerges, it seems she followed the money used to lure Katalena in and discovered a conversation between a 'Female Voice,' likely ADA, and a less than ethical banker.
Here's a fascinating question for us to ponder: Why did ADA choose to use a crooked banker as her pathway into financial assets? Was it some tangible understanding of a moral system and a desire to work against someone operating outside its norms, or was it merely a series of calculations involving the vulnerabilities that could be leveraged against him? One could ask the same question of ADA's choice to send Katalena to a treatment center. Was there any desire to help her, or was it purely a matter of optimizing an asset for future use. In ADA's journey towards the human, where, if ever, and how, do some of the more intangible human qualities enter the system?
A passcode to those who enrich this conversation with meaningful speculation, insights and references.
x](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-Y357mMDmm5c/UtC6OyL1MNI/AAAAAAAAUws/mCOzqdYMLSQ/w1200-h1553/Blackmail.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NWapEFWSp7F](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NWapEFWSp7F)
