---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-03-13 15:18:37 +0900"
date:   2014-03-13 15:18:37 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
According to witnesses, the XM Vaults in Austin contained Ancient Relics +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") was attempting to obtain.

Having recovered them, and after a long period of silence, he's shared his analysis and asked some interesting questions.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Currency holds a lot of cryptic code. Check a dollar bill sometime. The code on this coin is all about 13MAGNUS and the <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Recursion">#Recursion</a> Artifacts I’m hunting.<br /><br />The two sides represent the dual nature of Alexander the Great.  The Lion is of the Earth. Some argue that it relates to the Resistance.  But, as we flip over the coin, we see the Eagle staring Alexander in the eye.  This is the Enlightenment totem.<br /><br />But one symbol is clear. The symbol within the box. It is the glyph for ‘Again’ or in modern terms, Recursive. It is inside the box with one side highlighted. This is the symbol of 13MAGNUS.<br /><br />This symbol, what looks like part of a chair is controversial.  Is it a faction we don’t know? Is it a Glyph we have not yet interpreted?  Or is it something different?  It will be interesting to see what other Investigators think.<br /><br />What of the detail on the chair? Assume nothing is accidental on this coin.  Some say there are 13 dots, some disagree.<br /><br />You be the judge.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Currency holds a lot of cryptic code. Check a dollar bill sometime. The code on this coin is all about 13MAGNUS and the #Recursion Artifacts I’m hunting.
The two sides represent the dual nature of Alexander the Great.  The Lion is of the Earth. Some argue that it relates to the Resistance.  But, as we flip over the coin, we see the Eagle staring Alexander in the eye.  This is the Enlightenment totem.
But one symbol is clear. The symbol within the box. It is the glyph for ‘Again’ or in modern terms, Recursive. It is inside the box with one side highlighted. This is the symbol of 13MAGNUS.
This symbol, what looks like part of a chair is controversial.  Is it a faction we don’t know? Is it a Glyph we have not yet interpreted?  Or is it something different?  It will be interesting to see what other Investigators think.
What of the detail on the chair? Assume nothing is accidental on this coin.  Some say there are 13 dots, some disagree.
You be the judge.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-bzgYXGSZ24M/UyFMN7_Je4I/AAAAAAAAAdE/lIbgLcRDXhs/w2048-h1040/magnuscode.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/6dK3wrCho7g](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/6dK3wrCho7g)
