---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-07-19 11:01:17 +0900"
date:   2014-07-19 11:01:17 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Roland Jarvis](https://plus.google.com/103568659333550762891 "") calls on his fellow Enlightened to prepare a network of 58 Influential Portals across Europe for a transmission from the Shapers on July 22nd.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@349, :value=>"shared"@356}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Roland Jarvis</h2>", "My Fellow Enlightened:", "<br />", "<br />", "The world grows darker each day. ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047\" oid=\"102598577258553073047\">Devra Bogdanovich</a>"], "'s 'Virus' threatens the Portals and, by extension, the bridge that connects us to our Friends.", "<br />", "<br />", "A previous attempt to share the vision of the Ultimate through a series of 58 highly influential Portals in Europe widely was stymied by misguided Agents, pawns of a political circus run by the NIA and those who profit from a fear of progress.", "<br />", "<br />", "We must not let this happen again. Our Friends are preparing to share their vision with us once more. They entrust us with humanity's hope. We must ensure that this message reaches as many minds as possible, bringing them all closer to Enlightenment.", "<br />", "<br />", "<b>I believe that our Friends will send their signal on Tuesday, July 22nd. We must prepare the Portals and ensure they are aligned with us on that day.</b>", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: My Fellow Enlightened:
The world grows darker each day. +Devra Bogdanovich's 'Virus' threatens the Portals and, by extension, the bridge that connects us to our Friends.
A previous attempt to share the vision of the Ultimate through a series of 58 highly influential Portals in Europe widely was stymied by misguided Agents, pawns of a political circus run by the NIA and those who profit from a fear of progress.
We must not let this happen again. Our Friends are preparing to share their vision with us once more. They entrust us with humanity's hope. We must ensure that this message reaches as many minds as possible, bringing them all closer to Enlightenment.
I believe that our Friends will send their signal on Tuesday, July 22nd. We must prepare the Portals and ensure they are aligned with us on that day.](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-hrU3gSVkvsM/U8nOfrX5C6I/AAAAAAAAA3w/uOMZfMJbE14/w714-h803/EnlightenmentSignal.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/Yz6iFdXC286](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/Yz6iFdXC286)
