---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-17 15:00:48 +0900"
date:   2014-10-17 15:00:48 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") searches for the nugget of truth hidden in a myth.   

Alexander's conquests shaped this region, and according to Hank, Kipling's story, 'Man Who Would Be King,' may have had some roots in the real history of this desolate and dangerous but powerful part of the world.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Small village. They’ve taken me in. Ended up here just before the sun rose, dehydrated, possibly delirious. Symptoms of exposure. Even with survival training there are some places that are barely survivable. Hospitality is a norm here. It’s custom that they take you in and share what little they have, honor you as a guest. Help you, no questions asked, though I could see the questions on their faces.<br /><br />What is it that would beget a custom like that?<br /><br />While here, I discovered more about a certain letter from Rudyard Kipling that had surfaced. Indeed, during my travels, I was able to get hold of Kipling’s map that was returned by the character known as ‘Peachey’, who, I suspect had a different identity. It is becoming quite obvious to me that Kipling assembled this story from a number of different sources. Some very real. The thing to note is the Masonic connection. It is my belief that 13MAGNUS operated inside Masonic circles in that period.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Small village. They’ve taken me in. Ended up here just before the sun rose, dehydrated, possibly delirious. Symptoms of exposure. Even with survival training there are some places that are barely survivable. Hospitality is a norm here. It’s custom that they take you in and share what little they have, honor you as a guest. Help you, no questions asked, though I could see the questions on their faces.
What is it that would beget a custom like that?
While here, I discovered more about a certain letter from Rudyard Kipling that had surfaced. Indeed, during my travels, I was able to get hold of Kipling’s map that was returned by the character known as ‘Peachey’, who, I suspect had a different identity. It is becoming quite obvious to me that Kipling assembled this story from a number of different sources. Some very real. The thing to note is the Masonic connection. It is my belief that 13MAGNUS operated inside Masonic circles in that period.](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-WeuLBAcyrDM/VECuMtQZJOI/AAAAAAAABa8/qICjTcXsZSM/w1200-h900/Familiar.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YUsvTzGatGb](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YUsvTzGatGb)
