---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-12 13:32:06 +0900"
date:   2014-01-12 13:32:06 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Stein Lightman](https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033 "") shared a new series of Glyph Translations moments ago.

His interpretation of the Glyphs for 'Past,' 'Present' and 'Message' connects in a fascinating manner to previously discovered Glyphs.

**I've begun to study them in the way he suggests, viewing the connection between these broad ideas as they are articulated by their Glyphs. Already my mind is buzzing with possibilities. It's a revealing mental exercise, encompassing the nature of Time, Truth and the Portals. I would love to hear your thoughts as you undertake your own analysis.**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful speculation, insights and references.

x {:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@875, :value=>"shared"@882}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Stein Lightman</h2>", "I've been working through some new ideas. Many of you intuitively saw the same patterns that I am seeing, a confirmation in my mind of the universality of the language.", "<br />", "<br />", "Some of the Glyphs connect in interesting ways, both visually and philosophically. I wish ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/101180225942784917383\" oid=\"101180225942784917383\">Carrie Campbell</a>"], " was here... I would be infinitely richer after an evening-long conversation, bouncing my ideas off her and seeing the patterns through her mind.", "<br />", "<br />", "I would recommend looking back to other Glyphs we've already seen, particularly 'Future,' 'Portal,' 'Civilization,' 'Conflict.' Viewing those concepts through the connections between their Glyphs is a worthwhile exercise for anyone who wants to understand more of the Shapers.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### album: 2014-01-11](https://plus.google.com/photos/115238965157544465033/albums/5967860100345631169 "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/DKHPVHWmpcD](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/DKHPVHWmpcD)
