---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-05-05 10:29:45 +0900"
date:   2014-05-05 10:29:45 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Even in the face of imminent threat, the weary Viator gets no rest.

The clock ticks down, and his mind is starting to slip.

What, or who, is calling him to Santa Fe?

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>38 Days Until My <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Recursion">#Recursion</a><br /><br />There has been a lot of speculation on why I am going to Santa Fe. Worse than that, I have been attracting the worst sort of attention.  Two hitters were on my trail.  Who wants to kill a man who is about to die?  If anybody else has a theory, you’re one up on me.  I’ve earned a lot of enemies over the years, but there aren’t a lot of them left alive to talk about it.  In case you’re wondering where I was, I met up with Mr. Azmati at an undisclosed location.  It wasn’t in CONUS, so Homeland doesn’t have to worry.  There’s no reason, and never was any reason to worry about Azmati.<br /><br />So who was trying to kill me?  It’s really not a fair question. There are some things I did that haven’t gone public yet.  But you can probably guess some of it. I never cease to be amazed by how much you know. Before this is over, I guess I’m going to have to write up an enemies list for my next <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Recursion">#Recursion</a>.  I’ll know who to look out for. <br /><br />I notice that I’m forgetting some things. Scrambling some things, already. I have to get it down fast.  I have to re-order things.  Wright might be able to help with that.  Maybe Farlowe.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: 38 Days Until My #Recursion
There has been a lot of speculation on why I am going to Santa Fe. Worse than that, I have been attracting the worst sort of attention.  Two hitters were on my trail.  Who wants to kill a man who is about to die?  If anybody else has a theory, you’re one up on me.  I’ve earned a lot of enemies over the years, but there aren’t a lot of them left alive to talk about it.  In case you’re wondering where I was, I met up with Mr. Azmati at an undisclosed location.  It wasn’t in CONUS, so Homeland doesn’t have to worry.  There’s no reason, and never was any reason to worry about Azmati.
So who was trying to kill me?  It’s really not a fair question. There are some things I did that haven’t gone public yet.  But you can probably guess some of it. I never cease to be amazed by how much you know. Before this is over, I guess I’m going to have to write up an enemies list for my next #Recursion.  I’ll know who to look out for.
I notice that I’m forgetting some things. Scrambling some things, already. I have to get it down fast.  I have to re-order things.  Wright might be able to help with that.  Maybe Farlowe.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-SppPgny8Afg/U2bojEYjfsI/AAAAAAAAA34/ZC_kXnP5v1Y/w1920-h1080/SantaFe.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/JZDhuJz3Kjt](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/JZDhuJz3Kjt)
