---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-08 15:58:44 +0900"
date:   2014-10-08 15:58:44 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
A recent emergence triggers a long buried memory for +[Yuri Alaric Nagassa](https://plus.google.com/108841352205789260050 "").

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Yuri Alaric Nagassa</h2>The symbol is familiar. When I saw Lightman's Glyph, I felt the twang of deja-vu, but seeing it now, in this form, I remember vividly the first time I saw it.<br /><br />I was young, perhaps 7 or 8. I had been playing with some friends, members of the Anazktec tribe. We were separated, and I fell down a steep cliff. I thought I had broken my foot, the pain was so severe. I yelled and cried for my friends but they were out of earshot. There was a rocky overhang nearby and I crawled beneath it. On that wall, smooth and time-worn, was this symbol. It appeared as if it had been chiseled in perhaps millennia ago. I thought it was a marker, perhaps for a long overgrown trail. <br /><br />As the sun set, my father came looking for me, and I heard his calls. He carried me back to the village. My foot had not broken, it was only a sprain, and the tribe's healer applied a poultice that helped ease the pain.<br /><br />I remember this all so vividly, because I returned a few weeks later to the same place. More carefully this time. I crawled beneath the overhang. There was nothing there. I was stunned.<br /><br />It was as if the carving had never been there. The rock was jagged and rough. <br /><br />To this day, I do not know. Was it a dream, or did some hand forcibly remove that symbol, tearing away the rock, and banishing it to a forgotten past?<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-ZXJgCaZsfwI/VDTfRT1LOnI/AAAAAAAAAJk/-wPNSmpAPEk/Disappear.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/fSzawbF2QN1](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/fSzawbF2QN1)
