---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-04-16 14:55:21 +0900"
date:   2014-04-16 14:55:21 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") shares his thoughts on his fate after  [#Recursion](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Recursion "") . 

A great task lies before him: The preservation of the knowledge his simulacrum has accumulated, in an attempt to transfer it forward once his current instance ends and then begins anew.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>It appears that my fate is sealed and on June 11th of this year I will die, or rather this shadow form of me will expire and be replaced by a new one. <br /><br />When that happens, my memories of everything that have happened since I was ‘reborn’ will be gone.  I will remember nothing since that day in the 13MAGNUS nest in Afghanistan (October 19th, 2010) when I was shot by militants.<br /><br />In preparation for this upcoming ‘rebirth,’ I plan to create a journal containing critical information that I will need to know in my next incarnation. <br /><br />What do I need to record? <br /><br />My research indicates to me that my deep knowledge will remain: I will remember my childhood, my academic and military training, my entire life up until that moment when I was shot and killed. However all that I learned from that time on will be missing.  Fortunately, some of it is preserved in documents (Tom’s book for example) and in other materials collected and disseminated as part of the Niantic Project investigation.  I guess I have PA Chapeau to thank for that. <br /><br />The rest... I will have to record myself.  And I will have to do it quickly as I am still devoting time and energy to trying to escape this cycle of life and death.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-7AR714uKKHM/U04ZYFeBrRI/AAAAAAAAAnw/4s-MHTXzN4I/memories.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/RbQT9VYcaGC](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/RbQT9VYcaGC)
