---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-28 11:46:43 +0900"
date:   2014-01-28 11:46:43 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Here is Part II of the audio file secretly recorded by one of +[Susanna Moyer](https://plus.google.com/101560858827970533247 "")'s team.

It reveals the tragic and difficult past that have shaped this woman, and perhaps also reveal why XM, the Portals and the world of Ingress are so deeply personal to her.

After having listened to it, I came to sympathize with her much more. In the past, like other Agents, I've questioned her on a number of fronts and found her complex opinion on XM difficult to understand. 

After hearing the pain in her voice as she recalled how XM and her father's choices impacted her family, I came to understand that Susanna knows both the potential and the dangers of XM more intimately than anyone else possibly could. I also empathized with the constant upheaval and invasions of privacy she has had to deal with, this audio recording being one the most intimate. It puts me in an awkward position. As a truthseeker, I believe this information must come to light, but I know what the cost of my role in this is.

**How do you think Susanna's past has shaped her? Do you think what Nigel Moyer did to his family was an act of hubris or was he justified? Does hearing about her difficult past change your opinion of her?**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.

x
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/f694kjGSVLE](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/f694kjGSVLE)
