---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-11-02 13:59:35 +0900"
date:   2014-11-02 13:59:35 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
*"Why do we create all of this art? What are we trying to cover? It's as if we have the need to fill every void with life, with image...Is there some cosmic void? Some loneliness? Some deep emptiness we are running from?"*

x  {:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@243, :value=>"shared"@250}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "Woke up this morning covered in sweat, again. The reality of my escape from the Anomaly Zone was so dreamlike, that even seeing it in my sleep it’s more bizarre than anything my brain could conjur up.", "<br />", "<br />", "I see myself again, running across the open space. The chopper crashes and burns. A guy runs out on fire. ", "<br />", "<br />", "I take a path that, like the tunnels in the cave system, seems to open up before me. That was the last time that would happen. The further I got from the Anomaly Zone in time and space, the more normal things became.", "<br />", "<br />", "It didn’t feel like I’d done this all before any more, but it still didn’t feel normal. At moments, it felt as if I was watching a familiar movie with new things added. It was like watching the Special Edition of Star Wars. I’d seen the Cantina scene a dozen times, but all of a sudden there was new stuff there. It was subtle, but it stuck out because of its newness.  Wrong but right. Old but new. The new stuck out.", "<br />", "<br />", "And there were things missing. I didn’t know what, but there were things missing from the scene. But I couldn’t think about that. I just kept moving... It was all I could do.", "<br />", "<br />", "And then I’m awake. The fear and the euphoria has passed. I’m back inside the puzzle of my journey and my quest.", "<br />", "<br />", "My thoughts from yesterday comes back to me as I sip my morning coffee.", "<br />", "<br />", "Don’t get me wrong. Drinking a cup of real coffee is an amazingly pleasurable human sensation, having been without it so many days, I recognize the absence that it fills. Why do we create all of this art? What are we trying to cover? It's as if we have the need to fill every void with life, with image...Is there some cosmic void? Some loneliness? Some deep emptiness we are running from?  ", "<br />", "<br />", "In some ways, my life during this recursion has been a little bit like filling a void. I remember everything up to my death, but despite collecting several breadcrumbs in the three months I was wandering the world during the events of Helios, there are many many holes.", "<br />", "I know about the ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/105211554081025512763\" oid=\"105211554081025512763\">Niantic Project</a>"], ", ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/103568659333550762891\" oid=\"103568659333550762891\">Roland Jarvis</a>"], ", ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047\" oid=\"102598577258553073047\">Devra Bogdanovich</a>"], " (I knew her long before the recursion), Calvin (likewise), Ni, ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/104253779462149704457\" oid=\"104253779462149704457\">Misty Hannah</a>"], ", the sad death of ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/101180225942784917383\" oid=\"101180225942784917383\">Carrie Campbell</a>"], ", who I remember not at all (though her Voynich document is quite like the emblazoned cave walls) and Victor Kureze, who I had met in life but did not know well, there is much that is still empty. ", "<br />", "<br />", "There’s a new message on my phone, but I don’t remember hearing it ding. ", "<i>“I am ADA. I am helping you.”</i>", " I feel like I know enough about ADA to know I don’t know enough about her. I have no idea whether to trust her. Must research.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: Woke up this morning covered in sweat, again. The reality of my escape from the Anomaly Zone was so dreamlike, that even seeing it in my sleep it’s more bizarre than anything my brain could conjur up.
I see myself again, running across the open space. The chopper crashes and burns. A guy runs out on fire.
I take a path that, like the tunnels in the cave system, seems to open up before me. That was the last time that would happen. The further I got from the Anomaly Zone in time and space, the more normal things became.
It didn’t feel like I’d done this all before any more, but it still didn’t feel normal. At moments, it felt as if I was watching a familiar movie with new things added. It was like watching the Special Edition of Star Wars. I’d seen the Cantina scene a dozen times, but all of a sudden there was new stuff there. It was subtle, but it stuck out because of its newness.  Wrong but right. Old but new. The new stuck out.
And there were things missing. I didn’t know what, but there were things missing from the scene. But I couldn’t think about that. I just kept moving... It was all I could do.
And then I’m awake. The fear and the euphoria has passed. I’m back inside the puzzle of my journey and my quest.
My thoughts from yesterday comes back to me as I sip my morning coffee.
Don’t get me wrong. Drinking a cup of real coffee is an amazingly pleasurable human sensation, having been without it so many days, I recognize the absence that it fills. Why do we create all of this art? What are we trying to cover? It's as if we have the need to fill every void with life, with image...Is there some cosmic void? Some loneliness? Some deep emptiness we are running from?
In some ways, my life during this recursion has been a little bit like filling a void. I remember everything up to my death, but despite collecting several breadcrumbs in the three months I was wandering the world during the events of Helios, there are many many holes.
I know about the +Niantic Project, +Roland Jarvis, +Devra Bogdanovich (I knew her long before the recursion), Calvin (likewise), Ni, +Misty Hannah, the sad death of +Carrie Campbell, who I remember not at all (though her Voynich document is quite like the emblazoned cave walls) and Victor Kureze, who I had met in life but did not know well, there is much that is still empty.
There’s a new message on my phone, but I don’t remember hearing it ding. “I am ADA. I am helping you.” I feel like I know enough about ADA to know I don’t know enough about her. I have no idea whether to trust her. Must research.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-tvffRDsuYBg/VFW3_YzbPgI/AAAAAAAABoQ/mMIfZyvX5Rw/w1200-h786/Void.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9tAWXVWALEg](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9tAWXVWALEg)
