---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-03-24 15:20:23 +0900"
date:   2014-03-24 15:20:23 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Among the hearsay floating around the release of Tycho's next comic was the theory that he may have revisited his previous work, discovering new details in his visions of Epiphany Night and Jarvis and Bogdanovich's escape from the Niantic Facility.

I've acquired this page from the new Tycho compendium which confirms that this is indeed the case.

As I mentioned previously, an unconfirmed rumor is circulating that Tycho intends to debut his new work at the Los Angeles and Berlin Anomalies on March 29th. We'll be looking to Agents in attendance there for confirmation of the release of this new episode in the +[Ingress](https://plus.google.com/103320655754019011706 "") comic series.

x
[#### photo: Among the hearsay floating around the release of Tycho's next comic was the theory that he may have revisited his previous work, discovering new details in his visions of Epiphany Night and Jarvis and Bogdanovich's escape from the Niantic Facility.
I've acquired this page from the new Tycho compendium which confirms that this is indeed the case.
As I mentioned previously, an unconfirmed rumor is circulating that Tycho intends to debut his new work at the Los Angeles and Berlin Anomalies on March 29th. We'll be looking to Agents in attendance there for confirmation of the release of this new episode in the +Ingress comic series.
x](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-GjeS-7FIw7k/Uy_Oa_PXkGI/AAAAAAAAYu0/1KwAAaTHwx8/w1200-h1800/reVision.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9qYhi1MpLan](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/9qYhi1MpLan)
