---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-20 15:13:40 +0900"
date:   2014-01-20 15:13:40 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Why do patterns of seven pervade our world?

+[Martin Schubert](https://plus.google.com/100425314717666507497 "") asked the question better than I ever could. His observation on the revelations about the 'Shaper Septicycle' in +[IQTech Research](https://plus.google.com/108020987035258478791 "")'s Regional Tracking Technology are an articulation on exactly what I've been thinking since I read the document.

**Which came first, the chicken or the egg? Have the Shapers adapted their Ordered Data transmission cycle to match a human pattern, or have we evolved over time to coincide to their rhythm? In either case... why seven?**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Martin Schubert</h2>Wright, Stein and Nagassa tell interesting stories, but all of my training would tell me that this is a pattern we are tracing upon a behavior-- a pareidolia.<br /><br />But sometimes, those patterns are undeniably there. One that’s piqued my curiosity is what IQTech is calling the ‘Shaper Septicycle.’ It’s a misnomer, of course, or perhaps a very intentional choice of words by the brilliant Ken Owens... That would explain the 7-person bicycle jokes.<br /><br />While at Niantic we often speculated that the Ordered data may hold a queue and execute cadence, but were never able to advance the research enough to confirm it. It seems that IQTech has been able to continue where Niantic left off.<br /><br />Cycles of seven are found in nearly all major religions, histories and human patterns. The Egyptians used groups of seven. Atlantis was made up of seven islands.  The Greeks gave us seven daughters of Atlas. In the Bible we find seven days of creation, seven loaves of bread multiplied into seven basketfuls, seven deadly sins and seven acts of mercy. From India we get the seven Chakras and the seven steps walked by the Buddha.  In Islam we find the seven levels of Heaven.<br /><br />The list goes on and on. Why? Why do we see this pattern throughout history?<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: 2b1d2b3d2b3d1b2d1b2d1b1d1b2d2b2d2b1d1b1d3b4d1b1d1b1d3b5d4b1d3b1d2b3d2b1d1b1d1b1d1b2d2b1d1b1d1b1d3b1d1b5d1b1d1b](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-JFF63ExWrZM/Uty9NmscwtI/AAAAAAAAACk/UYW3au_QFV8/Sevens.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/5jjtp27maD3](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/5jjtp27maD3)
