---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-16 15:54:07 +0900"
date:   2014-10-16 15:54:07 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") continues, traveling deeper into rawer, more rugged terrain. 

He's growing weaker. Is he pushing himself forward, or being pulled in? 

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Something about flinging tears on the dusty ground keeps playing in my head. If a place can be damned, this is it. A vast void with the unwavering will to remain that way. Scrub. Rocks. Skeletons. Emptiness. A place with hints that once there was something else here. Sand. This was once the bottom of the ocean, I can feel that time in the rocks. Feel through time.<br /><br />Must be getting delirious. Hard to follow my own thoughts, though I try.  Random images and snippets trying to order themselves, as if my mind is skewing through different dimensions of itself too fast to settle on a perspective. Maybe it’s not my mind...<br /><br />Their presence is strong here, but I know this is not my final destination. Why is this place special? I ask you, readers, what is it that I should remember from my last recursion?  No signal here. This message will not be sent until I reach something resembling civilization.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Something about flinging tears on the dusty ground keeps playing in my head. If a place can be damned, this is it. A vast, emptiness with the unwavering will to remain that way. Scrub. Rocks. Skeletons. Emptiness. A void with hints that once there was something else here. Sand. This was once the bottom of the ocean, I can feel that time in the rocks. Feel through time.
Must be getting delirious. Hard to follow my own thoughts, though I try.  Random images and snippets trying to order themselves, as if my mind is skewing through different dimensions of itself too fast to settle on a perspective. Maybe it’s not my mind...
Their presence is strong here, but I know this is not my final destination. Why is this place special? I ask you, readers, what is it that I should remember from my last recursion?  No signal here. This message will not be sent until I reach something resembling civilization.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-hoO4aLxsxDU/VD9o2KNq9iI/AAAAAAAABZw/0E4ApM5z8T8/w1200-h675/Time.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/XzhzjsEuxBw](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/XzhzjsEuxBw)
