---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-14 14:46:05 +0900"
date:   2014-01-14 14:46:05 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
**“If his forces are united, separate them.”**
*Sun Tzu in The Art of War*

Yesterday, a letter from +[Hulong Transglobal](https://plus.google.com/107849663787965375687 "")'s Catherine Fan to +[Visur Technology](https://plus.google.com/115880454950193571355 "")'s Ilya Pevtsov prompted me to ask the question: What will +[IQTech Research](https://plus.google.com/108020987035258478791 "")'s next play be?

The leak of an internal NIA recording of a conversation between Ken Owen and Ezekiel Calvin answers that question for us today: In an attempt to keep Visur and Hulong from establishing a collaborative relationship, IQTech will release Regional-Tracking technology they developed in-house.

**I am interested to hear your thoughts on this tactic. On the one hand, Calvin will burn months (or more) of time and money invested in gaining a competitive advantage simply in order to keep his two enemies from getting friendly. On the other hand, if Visur and Hulong combined their research teams, they could potentially outpace IQTech. It's a delicate and volatile situation. Even with the release of the tech, Visur and Hulong could decide to collaborate, or is Calvin banking on their mutual distrust to keep the system in equilibrium?**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.

x
[#### photo: “If his forces are united, separate them.”
Sun Tzu in The Art of War
Yesterday, a letter from +Hulong Transglobal's Catherine Fan to +Visur Technology's Ilya Pevtsov prompted me to ask the question: What will +IQTech Research's next play be?
The leak of an internal NIA recording of a conversation between Ken Owen and Ezekiel Calvin answers that question for us today: In an attempt to keep Visur and Hulong from establishing a collaborative relationship, IQTech will release Regional-Tracking technology they developed in-house.
I am interested to hear your thoughts on this tactic. On the one hand, Calvin will burn months (or more) of time and money invested in gaining a competitive advantage simply in order to keep his two enemies from getting friendly. On the other hand, if Visur and Hulong combined their research teams, they could potentially outpace IQTech. It's a delicate and volatile situation. Even with the release of the tech, Visur and Hulong could decide to collaborate, or is Calvin banking on their mutual distrust to keep the system in equilibrium?
A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.
x](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-u4Cikukftp8/UtTO-pDIXLI/AAAAAAAAU_U/s__u-wZvlos/w1200-h1553/Separation.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/WpmeBivtgad](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/WpmeBivtgad)
