---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-02-13 14:50:24 +0900"
date:   2014-02-13 14:50:24 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Lorazon continues his pursuit, but +[Stein Lightman](https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033 "") is savvy enough to call his bluff. One of the interesting pieces of information to emerge here is Lightman's current location. It's logical to me, but I welcome your thoughts as well, particularly if you have theories on the specific lines of research he might be pursuing.

**It's unclear to me if Lightman is protecting ****+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "")**** or simply not in the know. In addition, while there have been a number of archeological findings in the Miami area, I'm not sure which one in particular may have been the site Mazz was seen scouting. And why send Mazz? Is Hank paralyzed by the threats against him, or moving chess pieces until the time is right to make his move?**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references. 

x
[#### photo: Lorazon continues his pursuit, but +Stein Lightman is savvy enough to call his bluff. One of the interesting pieces of information to emerge here is Lightman's current location. It's logical to me, but I welcome your thoughts as well, particularly if you have theories on the specific lines of research he might be pursuing.
It's unclear to me if Lightman is protecting +Hank Johnson or simply not in the know. In addition, while there have been a number of archeological findings in the Miami area, I'm not sure which one in particular may have been the site Mazz was seen scouting. And why send Mazz? Is Hank paralyzed by the threats against him, or moving chess pieces until the time is right to make his move?
A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.
x](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/--NvORaokhfA/UvxdC_NS9KI/AAAAAAAAWwg/WYxVxJyaI6s/w1200-h1553/Miami.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/MBonp5hvfJA](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/MBonp5hvfJA)
