---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-11-04 16:12:48 +0900"
date:   2014-11-04 16:12:48 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
After having been contacted by ADA, +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") seeks advice from Agents and Investigators as he plans his response.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@310, :value=>"shared"@317}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "<br />", "<b>MORE REFLECTIONS</b>", "<br />", "<br />", "Being near a city has its advantages, not the least of which is access to reliable power and internet. Making the most of that for now... I won’t be able to stay here long.", "<br />", "<br />", "I’m told I’ve met ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/110350977702120778591\" oid=\"110350977702120778591\">Klue S.</a>"], " and have seen pictures of myself with her in Los Angeles. Of course I have no recollection of that or my strained conversations with ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047\" oid=\"102598577258553073047\">Devra Bogdanovich</a>"], " in New York and Los Angeles. Odd to see that conversation… I never expected Devra to change so much.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "Likewise, I’m not sure what to make of the Nomad Episodes. Did I really think I was some sort TV Personality?  Funny thing is that I want to make more. I guess the answer is ‘yes.’  ", "<br />", "<br />", "And let me thank all of the Agents who have been harvesting the breadcrumbs from the Portals around the world. I believe there are more. Unfortunately, I didn’t bother to tell myself how many I had left. What’s that thing about hindsight? ", "<br />", "<br />", "All of this is confirming a theory I began to form when Calvin hired me to learn about 13MAGNUS. The struggle we now face, between Enlightened and Resistance, has been going on for millennia. In the shadows, 13MAGNUS and ANTIMAGNUS have been colliding with each other, often violently. Each of these ancient cults is attempting to steer humanity towards what they believe is its true destiny.", "<br />", "<br />", "But for now, I have a decision to make, and despite all the research I've done I haven't been able to come to a clear decision... I need your help.", "<br />", "<br />", "What do I make of this message from ADA? Should I respond to her? What would I say?", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/8ijCyzVMxoM](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/8ijCyzVMxoM)
