---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-03-08 08:56:19 +0900"
date:   2014-03-08 08:56:19 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
More revelations emerge as +[Thomas Greanias](https://plus.google.com/102489350322422853902 "") continues to reveal previously unseen pages from his most recent work with the late +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 ""),  'The Shaper Key.'

x

 [#RIPHankJohnson](https://plus.google.com/s/%23RIPHankJohnson "")  <div class="shared"><br /><h2>Thomas Greanias</h2>HANK JOHNSON'S UNTOLD STORY CONTINUES....<br /><br /> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23RIPHankJohnson">#RIPHankJohnson</a>    <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Ingress">#Ingress</a>   <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Alignment">#Alignment</a>  <br /><br /><br />FROM THE SHAPER KEY<br /><br />June 8<br />San Saba Mine<br />Texas (USA)<br /><br />Hank looked up to see a military helicopter buzzing over his burned out shell of a rental.  The chopper drifted around for a minute, and then dark figures began to rappel down to the ground.  Not good.<br /><br />He heard some cracks from behind but didn’t bother turning around to see what they were as he took off on foot.<br /><br />Having flown U.S. domestic into Texas, Hank had brought no weapon, which now seemed ironic for a state where every other cowboy struts around with a side-holstered six-shooter.<br /><br />Instinctively, he knew this was the time to drop his photo card for Carrie, just in case he didn’t make it out of there.  <br /><br />He set up his phone camera and started recording.  “Carrie, this is for your eyes only.  The spec op guys are relentless.  I can’t shake them.  Which means I might not get out of this. If that’s the case, I’m going to leave my camera’s memory card someplace where they can’t find it.  If you’re watching this, that means you got my message.”<br /><br />He uploaded the recording to YouTube and hid his camera card in the crevice of some rocks—primitive cover, but good in a pinch.<br /><br />Just as he finished, he heard the cracks of more gunshots. Voices moved toward him. A thicket not far away exploded with activity as a jaguar sprang out and tore away.  <br /><br />A jaguar in Texas?  <br /><br />Two more figures emerged from the brush—a tall, dark-skinned man and a shorter hunchback.  Hank suddenly recognized them and blinked, unable to believe it at first:  They were Hulong’s own Mr. Smith and Mr. Chen.  He thought they were dead, but somehow the two came out of the Luizi Crater alive, if damaged.<br /><br />And they were coming after him like the Devil.<br />  <br />Hank flew down the trail of broken pavers as fast as his pumping legs would take him.  Soon the pavers beneath his boots turned into something else, something far more subtle.  He was now on an ancient path with natural markers that echoed images he remembered while reading one of Robert E. Howard’s letters. Some explorers call these kind of maps “songlines.”  <br /><br />What Howard described as a monster in his fiction was in fact a rather sinister looking rock formation ahead.  Hank could almost feel himself floating toward its invisible maw against his will.<br /><br />Then in front of him he saw darkness in the ground. At first he thought it was a puddle, but it didn’t look right. No reflection. Then he realized it was a gaping hole in the path.  He crawled to the edge of it.  The bricks underneath him shifted slightly, like they were ready to collapse into the hole.  <br /><br />He peered down. Darkness.  But he could pick out some roots snaking down around some carved rocks that resembled elaborate stone pillars.  It became evident to him that he wasn’t on the floor of a lost civilization, he was on the roof of it.  The dry river bed he had been running across was, in fact, the top of an aqueduct.  The aqueduct of an underground civilization.  <br /><br />Another crack from a gun.  <br /><br />Hank turned and saw the swift, methodical pace of armed forces snaking down the river towards him.  He didn’t know whether they’d spotted him or were taking the course of least resistance across the hardscrabble terrain.  But he wasn’t going to stick around and find out.<br /><br />He made the calculations and then made the jump into the darkness, catching a vine that held him in midair.  He swung himself back and forth until he could reach the giant pillar that held up the aqueduct he had been running across.  Below him was more darkness.  <br /><br />The vine went down a long way, and when it grew thin, other roots which had circled around the giant pillar like a giant python also held true.  It was almost pitch black, and that was good.<br /><br />Shimmying around the vine like an agile primate, he heard a scream and caught his breath in the darkness.  <br /><br />One of the troopers apparently hadn’t been as lucky as he had on the descent.  He had plunged to his death at the bottom.  Another shadow leapt across the circle of daylight above him, but got a foothold on the rocks.  He cursed loudly in Chinese , but he didn’t lose his cool. These guys were very well trained.  <br /><br />Hank reached the bottom of the pillar.  It was maybe three or four stories high.  He looked up to see more commandos coming down the rope.  For a moment he thought he was doomed, until he finally reached the floor of the structure.  <br /><br />He could barely see in the dim light and didn’t dare turn on his flashlight.  But he could see enough to know that he had landed on a small street flanked by ornate structures.  <br /><br />This wasn’t going to be a cave battle down here, he realized. This was going to be a house-to-house fight in an ancient underground city.  His odds had just gone from nil to something slightly better.  <br />Aside from thin columns of light piercing the darkness, the cavern was pitch black. He heard the muffled echo of a dozen bodies stepping slowly through the ruins. Here and there he heard directionless command sounds as they advanced towards him.  <br /><br />Then, he heard something else...a scampering, slithering sound....<br /><br /></div>
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/ZD9aiziKxKa](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/ZD9aiziKxKa)
