---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-07-27 10:40:44 +0900"
date:   2014-07-27 10:40:44 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
[#Helios](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Helios "") 02

Congratulations to the Enlightened, who capture the Helios San Diego Anomaly.   The Factions are now even at the start of the Helios series.  

Looking ahead to Taipei and Chicago...<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Ingress</h2><br /><b>Helios - 02: ENLIGHTENED</b><br /><br />San Diego - R:459.2 - <b>E:576</b><br />Boston - R:184 - <b>E:292.6</b><br />Philadelphia - <b>R:364.8</b> - E:141<br />Regional Cell Boosts - R:151.2 - <b>E:181.728</b><br />Total - R:1159.2 - <b>E:1191.328</b><br /><br />This was one to remember. Resistance Agents pushed hard across the board, capturing Philadelphia with a wide margin and 3 of the 6 Regional Cells connected to this Anomaly. The Enlightened pushed just a hair harder. The day belongs to them with an absolutely razor-thin margin. They won by 32.128. Of that lead, 30.528 came from the work of their fellow Agents in Regional Cells across the world.<br /><br />In a final triumph, the Global MU Count as displayed on the Intel Map and in the Ingress Scanner stood at 866 Million Mind Units, well above the minimum that Dr. Martin Schubert predicted will protect the XM Portals from Dr. Devra Bogdanovich and the CDC’s next deployment of her ‘Portal Virus.’<br /><br />To Agents on both Factions: Much to be proud of today. Go rest your weary feet and parch your thirsts.<br /><br />The Helios Series stands tied at 4-4.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Helios - 02: ENLIGHTENED
San Diego - R:459.2 - E:576
Boston - R:184 - E:292.6
Philadelphia - R:364.8 - E:141
Regional Cell Boosts - R:151.2 - E:181.728
Total - R:1159.2 - E:1191.328
This was one to remember. Resistance Agents pushed hard across the board, capturing Philadelphia with a wide margin and 3 of the 6 Regional Cells connected to this Anomaly. The Enlightened pushed just a hair harder. The day belongs to them with an absolutely razor-thin margin. They won by 32.128. Of that lead, 30.528 came from the work of their fellow Agents in Regional Cells across the world.
In a final triumph, the Global MU Count as displayed on the Intel Map and in the Ingress Scanner stood at 866 Million Mind Units, well above the minimum that Dr. Martin Schubert predicted will protect the XM Portals from Dr. Devra Bogdanovich and the CDC’s next deployment of her ‘Portal Virus.’
To Agents on both Factions: Much to be proud of today. Go rest your weary feet and parch your thirsts.
The Helios Series stands tied at 4-4.](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-39Xrgt89f5c/U9RVCxxRYTI/AAAAAAAA888/FNXcjfrkifc/w2048-h1153/endSD.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/Fwb812Kj6kz](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/Fwb812Kj6kz)
