---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-01-29 10:39:23 +0900"
date:   2014-01-29 10:39:23 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
I received this transcript just moments ago.

It seems both +[Klue S.](https://plus.google.com/110350977702120778591 "") and +[Susanna Moyer](https://plus.google.com/101560858827970533247 "") are headed to the XM Anomaly in Las Vegas on February 5th, 2014.

Agents present there will undoubtedly be in a position to help uncover some of the mystery behind ADA's recent actions: The incident with Klue, and her recent 'horse-trading' with +[IQTech Research](https://plus.google.com/108020987035258478791 "")'s Ezekiel Calvin, among others.

**ADA mentioned something that caught my eye: *****"The human form is fragile. I am taking steps to rectify that for myself."***** I'm not sure quite what she intended there, but I have some theories. What's your interpretation of this conversation? What do you think it is it that ADA intends to share with the Agents there?**

To those Agents who intend to be present at the Las Vegas Anomaly, all evidence available to me at this time seems to indicate it may stand at the floodgates of something major. I'll look forward to hearing your situation reports.

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.

x
[#### photo: I received this transcript just moments ago.
It seems both +Klue S. and +Susanna Moyer are headed to the XM Anomaly in Las Vegas on February 5th, 2014.
Agents present there will undoubtedly be in a position to help uncover some of the mystery behind ADA's recent actions: The incident with Klue, and her recent 'horse-trading' with +IQTech Research's Ezekiel Calvin, among others.
ADA mentioned something that caught my eye: "The human form is fragile. I am taking steps to rectify that for myself." I'm not sure quite what she intended there, but I have some theories. What's your interpretation of this conversation? What do you think it is it that ADA intends to share with the Agents there?
To those Agents who intend to be present at the Las Vegas Anomaly, all evidence available to me at this time seems to indicate it may stand at the floodgates of something major. I'll look forward to hearing your situation reports.
A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.
x](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-71-WObINCho/UuhbdxqxCxI/AAAAAAAAVlI/3G0cVBPafTs/w1200-h1553/Vegas.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/hmy7NR7AN6V](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/hmy7NR7AN6V)
