---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-15 14:26:24 +0900"
date:   2014-10-15 14:26:24 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Hank Johnson shares more insights as he continues on his journey to uncover the hidden story of the N'zeer.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Autumn. <br /><br />A chill wind blows through jagged mountains where I am.  I’m looking down on a vast, dusty plain speckled with intense bits of greenery, finishing the remains of a coarse walnut bread and the handful of cherries a friendly villager shared with me as I made my way here.  <br /><br />A few days ago, I passed an abandoned fortress, slowly melting back into the rock from where it had once loomed over the entire valley kingdom. <br /><br />The idea of empire and destruction is very close to me here. It’s something I’ve felt before, gazing at the same statue of Ramses that inspired Percy Shelley. The phrase, ‘Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!’ is echoing through my head. The words seem to come not only from a distant time, but from a far off universe. <br /><br />The cycle of memories from my past recursion is beginning to weave itself together.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Autumn.
A chill wind blows through jagged mountains where I am.  I’m looking down on a vast, dusty plain speckled with intense bits of greenery, finishing the remains of a coarse walnut bread and the handful of cherries a friendly villager shared with me as I made my way here.
A few days ago, I passed an abandoned fortress, slowly melting back into the rock from where it had once loomed over the entire valley kingdom.
The idea of empire and destruction is very close to me here. It’s something I’ve felt before, gazing at the same statue of Ramses that inspired Percy Shelley. The phrase, ‘Look on my works, ye mighty, and despair!’ is echoing through my head. The words seem to come not only from a distant time, but from a far off universe.
The cycle of memories from my past recursion is beginning to weave itself together.](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-lxKBSBiAmkQ/VD4ExcVXhwI/AAAAAAAABYo/yPq2w1L13sw/w1110-h1587/EmpireandDestruction.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NjAvJdGZFnC](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NjAvJdGZFnC)
