---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-10 12:59:14 +0900"
date:   2014-10-10 12:59:14 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Another post from +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "").

Slowly, he's beginning to reveal the nature of his current quest. It seems he's chasing an ancient force, or perhaps an idea... one that has been meticulously and systematically deleted from our collective consciousness.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>I am no longer with Calvin, IQTech or the military.<br /><br />I left that facility and am out on my own.<br /><br />I have to be careful not to give out my location, so I’ll be delaying entries by a couple of days, should help keep me safe.<br /><br />Suffice to say that I am in search of what I believe to be the only surviving manuscripts describing a mysterious force, possibly related to the Shapers in some way.<br /><br />Nearly everything about them has been completely erased from mythology, history, literature... everything.<br /><br />(The images is a page from one of the books I've been reading as I travel this path. It reminded me of the idea of erasing history. Things don't disappear entirely... the details are lost, but there's always a trace. Tiny threads I'm hoping I can use to try and put things back together.)<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: A page from one of the books I've been reading as I travel this path. The image reminded me of the idea of erasing history. Things don't disappear entirely, the details are lost, but there's always a trace. Tiny threads I'm hoping I can use to try and put things back together.](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-XfTPGHeGFSA/VDdXjA84l-I/AAAAAAAABRU/PckKEUBSe2s/w903-h1208/Gone.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/fvncCfZuHdf](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/fvncCfZuHdf)
