---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-27 14:22:19 +0900"
date:   2014-10-27 14:22:19 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") shares his journey out of the cave after his second recursion, and his discovery of the word 'Darsana.'

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Back. Have to send what I can when I can. Signal’s sporadic and charge very low, have been fully dependent on solar charging for days now. <br /><br />The closest I could come to the sense of disorientation I experienced would be waking up after a nap and not knowing where you are or what time it was. To me, it was October of 2010 again. 1331 days had been lost, but I didn’t know it yet. Running to cave entrance. Azmati next to me. Hearing shouts in that guttural, knotted language of the Pakhtun. The feeling of being punched in the back with a thousand fists, and a wet feeling in the front of my shirt. Blood. My blood. Then, nothing.<br /><br />The room shimmered with Glyphs and ancient drawings which seemed to change, almost animate, but never in front of my eyes, always when I wasn’t looking. I sensed I didn’t belong in this place. Wanted to flee. This was a place for the dead. What happened next is difficult to explain. I began following a cave network that seemed to be opening in front of me. There was no natural light, but there was a slightly unnatural green glow that seemed to hover everywhere...  In time, I saw natural sunlight and stepped outside. It seemed that the universe was creating itself for me. Don’t get me wrong, I don't think that I am the center of the universe, but in those moments after recursion, I felt that I was.  I had an odd sense of premonition and deja vu all at the same time.<br /><br />The first thing I saw were the words ‘Darsana Point’ written in red marker on a rock in my own handwriting.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Back. Have to send what I can when I can. Signal’s sporadic and charge very low, have been fully dependent on solar charging for days now.
The closest I could come to the sense of disorientation I experienced would be waking up after a nap and not knowing where you are or what time it was. To me, it was October of 2010 again. 1331 days had been lost, but I didn’t know it yet. Running to cave entrance. Azmati next to me. Hearing shouts in that guttural, knotted language of the Pakhtun. The feeling of being punched in the back with a thousand fists, and a wet feeling in the front of my shirt. Blood. My blood. Then, nothing.
The room shimmered with Glyphs and ancient drawings which seemed to change, almost animate, but never in front of my eyes, always when I wasn’t looking. I sensed I didn’t belong in this place. Wanted to flee. This was a place for the dead. What happened next is difficult to explain. I began following a cave network that seemed to be opening in front of me. There was no natural light, but there was a slightly unnatural green glow that seemed to hover everywhere...  In time, I saw natural sunlight and stepped outside. It seemed that the universe was creating itself for me. Don’t get me wrong, I don't think that I am the center of the universe, but in those moments after recursion, I felt that I was.  I had an odd sense of premonition and deja vu all at the same time.
The first thing I saw were the words ‘Darsana Point’ written in red marker on a rock in my own handwriting.](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-JQGz0o4Ox6Y/VE3VG9Qg1NI/AAAAAAAABjQ/v2PihD8hJzA/w1200-h675/Again.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/PZrUsFWDWzV](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/PZrUsFWDWzV)
