---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-06-17 13:33:14 +0900"
date:   2014-06-17 13:33:14 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Devra Bogdanovich](https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047 "") announces her intent to share her message directly with Agents at the  [#Interitus](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Interitus "")  Anomaly in Gettysburg, PA on June 21.

A series of increasingly ambitious operations by Agents around the world are, to her, a harbinger of her greatest fear.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@545, :value=>"shared"@552}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Devra Bogdanovich</h2>", "I have repeatedly sounded the alarm: New developments in XM technology increase the threat to our species each day that we allow this menace to proceed unchecked.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "A massive series of Enlightened fields created this weekend spread over nearly the entire planet, poisoning the minds of billions, robbing them of their free will. Resistance forces will respond in kind, fighting fire with fire. Each Faction in this toxic conflict grows bolder and more aggressive, and this is only the beginning. We ", "<i>must</i>", " bring an end to this madness. ", "<br />", "<br />", "Who will help us? ADA? Despite her deceptive complexity, she is a simple creature with only one goal: To evolve herself, growing in power and scale, oblivious to the cost we will bear. The future ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/103568659333550762891\" oid=\"103568659333550762891\">Roland Jarvis</a>"], " fears is no worse than the alternative he offers. He would drive us into a prison of the mind, a species subjugated forever by an unknown force. At Gettysburg, two misguided ideologies collide to choose their method of extinction. ", "<br />", "<br />", "We need a turning point. I will be the one to bring that forth. ", "<br />", "<br />", "My message has been poisoned in the public’s eyes. Assassins have come for me. Those who were once my friends owe me an explanation.", "<br />", "<br />", "I will see you all at Gettysburg, and I hope that free from the poisoning propaganda of outside agencies, you will hear the truth from me first hand and open your eyes to the dangers we face.", "<br />", "<br />", "Once you see the facts in the clear light of day, there is only one choice left to make. That choice is freedom from the chains of XM, and my work at the CDC is the ", "<i>only</i>", " key.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: I have repeatedly sounded the alarm: New developments in XM technology increase the threat to our species each day that we allow this menace to proceed unchecked.
A massive series of Enlightened fields created this weekend spread over nearly the entire planet, poisoning the minds of billions, robbing them of their free will. Resistance forces will respond in kind, fighting fire with fire. Each Faction in this toxic conflict grows bolder and more aggressive, and this is only the beginning. We must bring an end to this madness.
Who will help us? ADA? Despite her deceptive complexity, she is a simple creature with only one goal: To evolve herself, growing in power and scale, oblivious to the cost we will bear. The future +Roland Jarvis fears is no worse than the alternative he offers. He would drive us into a prison of the mind, a species subjugated forever by an unknown force. At Gettysburg, two misguided ideologies collide to choose their method of extinction.
We need a turning point. I will be the one to bring that forth.
My message has been poisoned in the public’s eyes. Assassins have come for me. Those who were once my friends owe me an explanation.
I will see you all at Gettysburg, and I hope that free from the poisoning propaganda of outside agencies, you will hear the truth from me first hand and open your eyes to the dangers we face.
Once you see the facts in the clear light of day, there is only one choice left to make. That choice is freedom from the chains of XM, and my work at the CDC is the only key.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-bVjiz1B2W2o/U5_CgVDdvLI/AAAAAAAAARg/lU_oaolbF48/w1586-h1080/Escalation.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/LPZed6bdKE6](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/LPZed6bdKE6)
