---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-11-06 16:22:50 +0900"
date:   2014-11-06 16:22:50 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
*"As I travel this path, looking down occasionally at the glowing screen in my hand, I can’t help but appreciate that the task is easier for me than it was for Alexander, or Peachey, or Harlan, or any of the unknown others who attempted this before. Since the leak of the Scanner in the form of the Ingress App, there has been a huge proliferation of XM. The world is not the same anymore. We can see things that once could only be felt."*

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>They're closing in on me. Narrow escape yesterday. Was in vehicle. Escape was almost blown as drivers delayed me, attempting to pull a fast one and renegotiate their pay while I was trying to leave. This cost them more than it cost me. Once we parted ways, I looked back from a vantage point. I think I saw the driver being ambushed, possibly interrogated and killed. Unfortunate.<br /><br />I laid a trap for those who were following me. I was able to retrieve some small arms and cash from them. They won’t be following me anymore. Such are the brutal realities of being on the run. I only mention all of this publicly in the event that those who intend to kill me are successful. Others can follow in my tracks. Someday, someone will find the truth about the N’zeer. <br /><br />The good news is that I believe I have the only copy of Peachey’s Map and it will be very difficult for others to reverse engineer it. Mr. Harlan’s life -- if it was Harlan -- was a winding road. But it is clear to me that he was on a similar mission to mine. Was he 13MAGNUS? I don’t know, but it wouldn’t surprise me.  Anti-Magnus?  That would explain some things too. It seems they both travel the same routes, seeking the same destinations but for vastly different reasons. One to reveal, one to occlude, but which is which?<br /><br />As I travel this path, looking down occasionally at the glowing screen in my hand, I can’t help but appreciate that the task is easier for me than it was for Alexander, or Peachey, or Harlan, or any of the unknown others who attempted this before. Since the leak of the Scanner in the form of the Ingress App, there has been a huge proliferation of XM. The world is not the same anymore. We can see things that once could only be felt.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Breadcrumb recovered in San Francisco, CA. Thanks to Operation Essex and the Agents on the ground who assisted in the recovery.](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-WHeucMgJs6c/VFsfzwZg4qI/AAAAAAAABs8/hCYx9wvH2Eg/Harlan.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NYB2ainpQ8E](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/NYB2ainpQ8E)
