---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-29 15:31:57 +0900"
date:   2014-10-29 15:31:57 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") recounts awakening from his recursion into the midst of a chaotic firefight between a number of unknown parties.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>I turned and saw a soldier 200 meters off. That’s two football fields for Americans.  I ran to cover. I know what it feels like to have AK-47 shells pierce my flesh and internal organs.  I still remember that from before the recursion. It’s almost impossible to remember pain, but I remember that.<br /><br />I kept running and that deja-vu sensation persisted. As if I knew where to go and what would be there.  <br /><br />There were more gunshots.  None of them seemed to be targeted at me. It was like I’d awakened into somebody else’s firefight. Automatic weapons clattered...  Now and then I’d hear a grenade or the whoosh of an RPG-7. I heard the suppressed thwack of an Apache and saw something I absolutely did not expect... a helicopter dogfight. None of them had official markings… there seemed to be Russian, Chinese and American helos all circling each other and baring their teeth.<br /><br />I saw something ahead of me, a place of shelter. No, I felt it, and I knew I could make the run with very little exposure to gunfire. <br /><br />The cave. The cave had to be there. Not the one Azmati had led me to, just some anonymous nook in the untamable hills. Why did I remember it? It had been there for 100,000 years.  It had been there before. Whenever ‘before’ was. <br /><br />It would be there. <br /><br />It was as if I knew every rock on the route to the cave, like I’d done it before. I dashed in.  And I knew there’d be something waiting for me... <br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: I turned and saw a soldier 200 meters off. That’s two football fields for Americans.  I ran to cover. I know what it feels like to have AK-47 shells pierce my flesh and internal organs.  I still remember that from before the recursion. It’s almost impossible to remember pain, but I remember that.
I kept running and that deja-vu sensation persisted. As if I knew where to go and what would be there.
There were more gunshots.  None of them seemed to be targeted at me. It was like I’d awakened into somebody else’s firefight. Automatic weapons clattered...  Now and then I’d hear a grenade or the whoosh of an RPG-7. I heard the suppressed thwack of an Apache and saw something I absolutely did not expect... a helicopter dogfight. None of them had official markings… there seemed to be Russian, Chinese and American helos all circling each other and baring their teeth.
I saw something ahead of me, a place of shelter. No, I felt it, and I knew I could make the run with very little exposure to gunfire.
The cave. The cave had to be there. Not the one Azmati had led me to, just some anonymous nook in the untamable hills. Why did I remember it? It had been there for 100,000 years.  It had been there before. Whenever ‘before’ was.
It would be there.
It was as if I knew every rock on the route to the cave, like I’d done it before. I dashed in.  And I knew there’d be something waiting for me... ](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-ednr_bsyu0U/VFCJHvftR4I/AAAAAAAABlk/irvmM9ltwQI/w1200-h675/Chaos.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/f1ry2dSzhsQ](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/f1ry2dSzhsQ)
