---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-23 15:01:18 +0900"
date:   2014-10-23 15:01:18 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
As promised in his post from yesterday, +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") delves into the mystery of the 'Diodati Epiphany' and its connection to the +[Niantic Project](https://plus.google.com/105211554081025512763 "") and, potentially... the N'zeer?

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@548, :value=>"shared"@555}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "I believe that the breadcrumb I left about the so-called ‘Diodati Epiphany’ was intended to remind me of a theory I had, that, during the ‘Volcanic Winter’ of 1816, Mary and Percy Shelly, Lord Byron and John Polidori experienced something world-changing.", "<br />", " ", "<br />", "They sat around a fire one night during that winter and read each other ghost stories, then challenged each other to write their own. From this one night came the novel Frankenstein, the Vampyre (the first modern vampire novel) and the grains of what would become Ozymandias, which can be read, almost as a mummy story. In short, the universal monsters emerged from that night and those minds, but more importantly, we have stories which all one way or another mirror what has come out of the ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/105211554081025512763\" oid=\"105211554081025512763\">Niantic Project</a>"], ". The themes -- men reaching to the beyond, a modern Prometheus (a character I personally relate to), things returning from the past and different ways of seeking immortality and a connection to the infinite. ", "<br />", "<br />", "For that reason and due to the unique collection of people assembled there, I believe that one way or another while reading these ancient horror tales they experienced the equivalent of an Epiphany Night. Is it a coincidence that the Niantic Project experienced its own Epiphany Night only a few miles away? I’ll let you answer that. Given the strange deaths that surrounded this night, I also suspect that Anti-Magnus forces were ... locals have spotted a drone. i have to get on the move. more later.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: I believe that the breadcrumb I left about the so-called ‘Diodati Epiphany’ was intended to remind me of a theory I had, that, during the ‘Volcanic Winter’ of 1816, Mary and Percy Shelly, Lord Byron and John Polidori experienced something world-changing.
They sat around a fire one night during that winter and read each other ghost stories, then challenged each other to write their own. From this one night came the novel Frankenstein, the Vampyre (the first modern vampire novel) and the grains of what would become Ozymandias, which can be read, almost as a mummy story. In short, the universal monsters emerged from that night and those minds, but more importantly, we have stories which all one way or another mirror what has come out of the +Niantic Project. The themes -- men reaching to the beyond, a modern Prometheus (a character I personally relate to), things returning from the past and different ways of seeking immortality and a connection to the infinite.
For that reason and due to the unique collection of people assembled there, I believe that one way or another while reading these ancient horror tales they experienced the equivalent of an Epiphany Night. Is it a coincidence that the Niantic Project experienced its own Epiphany Night only a few miles away? I’ll let you answer that. Given the strange deaths that surrounded this night, I also suspect that Anti-Magnus forces were ... locals have spotted a drone. i have to get on the move. more later.](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-rVRagY1lWYI/VEiYjmu_-oI/AAAAAAAABfU/idP-NGyfWAc/w1200-h1200/Diodati.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/ShD4Vc4WLuE](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/ShD4Vc4WLuE)
