---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-12-27 16:05:15 +0900"
date:   2014-12-27 16:05:15 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Yuri Alaric Nagassa](https://plus.google.com/108841352205789260050 "") shares a mysterious dream. As is often the case with the stories he shares, there is often more to be uncovered from within the metaphors and strange ideas.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Yuri Alaric Nagassa</h2>A rare experience. It has only happened to me once before.<br /><br />I awoke from a bewildering dream. Like so many of my dreams, it hung just outside of reach, intangible like the morning mist. I lay on the ground in the village and rubbed the sleep from my eyes. <br /><br />I looked around, expecting to see my Anazktec friends nearby, but everyone was gone. <br /><br />Why had they left me? It was unclear. Then, I heard something strange. <br /><br />What was that sound? It seemed to come from beyond a nearby cliff.<br /><br />I rose and walked towards it.<br /><br />As I reached the edge, I saw two faces hanging before me. They were singing. The music was not harmonious, but it was... for lack of a better word or concept, complete. <br /><br />As they sang, their mouths opened wider and wider. Within the throat of the first face I could see a typhoon of... shapes... colors... textures. They swirled together like the patterns on a canvas painting or a forest floor.<br /><br />Within the throat of the second was a cloud of millions of tiny points of light and darkness. It shimmered like the scales of a school of fish... mathematically perfect, infinitely complex. <br /><br />The symphony grew louder and overcame me.<br /><br />I awoke once more. It had been a dream within a dream.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: 57081525347802284152688092243178](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-kOfb7WfjokU/VJ5YetiXOPI/AAAAAAAAAMQ/PHv6E8eA8ig/Awake.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2UQDkWJB1gM](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2UQDkWJB1gM)
