---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-10-25 17:55:56 +0900"
date:   2014-10-25 17:55:56 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") recovers and begins the next leg of his journey, taking shelter in a cave that may have once been used by the real explorers that Rudyard Kipling based 'Man Who Would Be King' on...

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Have been on the move since I last updated... Am resting in a cave that has probably been used by those who wander through this region for centuries.<br /><br />I wonder if the real ‘Peachey’ and ‘Danny’ once stayed here. The spot is noted on his map. I’m hoping this cave isn’t inhabited now... there is no sign of recent occupation but perhaps whoever used it covered their tracks.<br /><br />Interestingly, one of the villagers offered me a number of tips to avoid being spotted by drones and surveillance as I was leaving. I guess he was me looking at the sky with some unease, and perhaps recognized my instinct. I didn’t ask how he learned these things.<br /><br />This message will send next time I have reception. The Diodati Epiphany breadcrumb finds triggered a number of thoughts.  As with the Niantic Project’s Epiphany Night, the Diodati Epiphany was like a blast which ignited a number of fires around the globe. Keep following them. <br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Have been on the move since I last updated... Am resting in a cave that has probably been used by those who wander through this region for centuries.
I wonder if the real ‘Peachey’ and ‘Danny’ once stayed here. The spot is noted on his map. I’m hoping this cave isn’t inhabited now... there is no sign of recent occupation but perhaps whoever used it covered their tracks.
Interestingly, one of the villagers offered me a number of tips to avoid being spotted by drones and surveillance as I was leaving. I guess he was me looking at the sky with some unease, and perhaps recognized my instinct. I didn’t ask how he learned these things.
This message will send next time I have reception. The Diodati Epiphany breadcrumb finds triggered a number of thoughts.  As with the Niantic Project’s Epiphany Night, the Diodati Epiphany was like a blast which ignited a number of fires around the globe. Keep following them. ](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-cUVhDsuxK8s/VEtkVlpXYMI/AAAAAAAABg0/H6xfC6nSdH0/w1200-h675/cave.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/DP2qwfQVAA3](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/DP2qwfQVAA3)
