---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2014-02-26 13:54:51 +0900"
date:   2014-02-26 13:54:51 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
All eyes on this, Investigators... much to be learned here.

First, this confirms my suspicions that +[Klue S.](https://plus.google.com/110350977702120778591 "") will be in Nashville, attempting to contact PAC's ally there.

In addition, it verifies that the chirps emerging from +[H. Richard Loeb](https://plus.google.com/117506125229608138804 "")'s G+ profile yesterday were actually him. I don't know why he hasn't responded directly to me. He's always been a mysterious operator, so I trust he has his reasons.

Brandt has been under our lens most recently for being the author of the 'ABOLENDAM' series of documents. It seems now that those transcripts were the tip of an iceberg... Brandt is attempting to stir up the political will to contain or destroy ADA, perhaps AIs in general. The one thing I'm glad of is that Lorazon's trigger finger is being kept in check. The last thing we need is him spinning up another batch of cleaners.

**Why are Brant and Lorazon working together? Who are they working for? We know their objectives but not their motives. What do they hope to gain by surveilling Klue and PAC's interactions? How might their relationship be used to assist a long term plot against ADA?**

A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.

x
[#### photo: All eyes on this, Investigators... much to be learned here.
First, this confirms my suspicions that +Klue S. will be in Nashville, attempting to contact PAC's ally there.
In addition, it verifies that the chirps emerging from +H. Richard Loeb's G+ profile yesterday were actually him. I don't know why he hasn't responded directly to me. He's always been a mysterious operator, so I trust he has his reasons.
Brandt has been under our lens most recently for being the author of the 'ABOLENDAM' series of documents. It seems now that those transcripts were the tip of an iceberg... Brandt is attempting to stir up the political will to contain or destroy ADA, perhaps AIs in general. The one thing I'm glad of is that Lorazon's trigger finger is being kept in check. The last thing we need is him spinning up another batch of cleaners.
Why are Brant and Lorazon working together? Who are they working for? We know their objectives but not their motives. What do they hope to gain by surveilling Klue and PAC's interactions? How might their relationship be used to assist a long term plot against ADA?
A passcode to those who enrich our conversation with meaningful insights, speculation and references.
x](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-YWG9_FLnAuk/Uw1zaBNNwTI/AAAAAAAAXq8/LvZhQfFaj48/w1200-h1553/ThePlague.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2SceLzc57Rq](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2SceLzc57Rq)
