---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-11-30 12:54:10 +0900"
date:   2015-11-30 12:54:10 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
A prominent member of the Enlightened eloquently and thoroughly lays out the stakes that lie before that Faction on December 12th  at the [#Abaddon](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Abaddon "") Finale.

I would be curious to see if any members of the Resistance have as thoroughly researched a response to the accusations leveraged against their cause here.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Brandon Downey</h2>Agents of the Enlightenment,<br /><br />Two years ago, we witnessed a miracle on the shores of San Francisco -- a man who had been assassinated by an artificial intelligence awoke at sunset and breathed again. <br /><br />He did so despite the best efforts of the surveillance state.<br />He did so despite the fears of the military industrial complex that XM technology would change everything.<br />He did so despite weapons born of dark madness; crafted in the dark night of a world war to deprive us of our humanity.<br />He did so despite the most reactionary and reflexive aspects of our nature; despite those whose fear of change was so strong that they ended up as pawns. <br /><br />He did so because a group of people came together -- people who believed that there is nothing stronger than an idea whose time has come.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><b>It is only now, two years later, that we have a clearer picture of what transpired that day, and the cold, abhuman hand who guided events to that point -- the same hands who saw Roland Jarvis murdered again: </b><br /><br /><b>The N’zeer, and their human puppets, the anti-Magnus.</b><br /><br /><b>In the small time allotted to him, Roland Jarvis worked to help us understand the dangers of malignant artificial intelligence were it given access to XM technology. As an artist, he painted us a picture of a gutted out future for humanity. Imagine, if you will, if this tool created by the surveillance state -- the same tool that murdered Roland Jarvis -- escaped its shackles, and were given the power to infiltrate every corner of the world using transdimensional particles. </b><br /><br /><b>If such a creature understood and had a working template for the human mind, it might feasibly implant itself into the processing centers of our own brains. XM, which exists outside of our normal four dimensions of time and space could permeate every cell of our brains, and could be used as a carrier for this AI’s software.</b><br /><br /><b>In this darkest of futures, there would be no humanity; just appendages of this evolved cybernetic organism, idiot husks implanted with a memetic monoculture -- merely peripherals of this great intelligence.</b><br /><br /><b>ADA tried this, and wanted to gain complete understanding of how to infuse a human being with XM by decompiling the Hank Johnson simulacra. </b><br /><br /><b>She gained great power through the Resistance’s victories in Interitus -- parasitizing the neo-cortex of millions of vulnerable humans delivered to her on a platter by her willing allies -- but here the ultimate extreme of her plans was thwarted by the Enlightenment. One glorious day under the sun in a town called Cross Plains, Hank Johnson was uploaded to the XM substrate of the multiverse -- patterning and preserving his humanity and memories, safe from her depredations until a 13Magnus ritual restored him fully to our world.</b><br /><br /><br /><br />This was not the end of her plots, the Resistance, or the conspiratorial actions of those who allied themselves with anti-Magnus. These people looked at an entity like ADA and did not see a menace to our individuality or humanity.<br /><br />They saw her as a blueprint not just for the future of humanity, but our entire cosmos. <br /><br /><br /><br /><b>We, as human beings, now stand at the brink of a fork in our history, between two schools of thought, and being warring philosophies which have been with us since the time of Aristotle and Plato.</b><br /><br /><b>Why do we seek to understand the cosmos? </b><br /><br /><b>One school of thought says that the cosmos is a machine, to be dissected and reduced to its component parts. It is this thinking that looked at the heavens, and gave us Kepler’s laws. It is this thinking that looked at the fall of the apple, and gave us Newton’s clockwork mechanics. It is this philosophy that looked at the flux and flotsam of the subatomic world, and gave us statistics to predict their ensemble behavior. </b><br /><br /><b>When we turn this thinking to our own minds, where does it lead us? </b><br /><br /><b>It leads us to a place where our thoughts will eventually be quantified and tamed by digital technology. In this world, knowledge is infinite, but cataloged. Imagine a great schema taxonomy for all thoughts, worlds, and times -- all numbered, inventoried, and predictable. </b><br /><br /><br /><br />Opposing this view is the philosophy of the Enlightenment: which holds that our discoveries should exist as a celebration of the human mind, and human values. <br /><br />This is the same school of thought which upended the static taxonomy of Aristotle with the unifying tree of life with the branching possibilities of Darwin’s theory of evolution. This same thinking looked at the clockwork universe of Newton, and instead evoked the infinitesimal numbers of Leibnitz. When mathematical formalists sought to tame the most basic of infinite kingdoms -- the natural numbers -- these thinkers responded with Cantor and Borel, who gave us angel dust and fractals and the uncountable cardinalities of infinity -- bringing mathematical worlds that not only had never been described, but could never even in principle be given a finitistic description. <br /><br />When Hilbert asked the world to imagine a decision procedure -- what we we now understand as a computer program -- to find and classify all mathematical truths, Gödel used meta-mathematics to show that there will always be true statements which cannot be computed by any finite set of axioms. Mathematics was not, as the formalists believed, simply manipulating symbols on paper -- just as science was not an effort to bottle up the wonder of the universe in a jar of formaldehyde on a shelf. <br /><br /><br /><br /><b>How do these two philosophical schools approach the problem of human thought? </b><br /><br /><b>In the reductionist, mechanical view of the universe, our thoughts are electrical impulses: to be recorded with increasing fidelity, until those thoughts can be analyzed and dissected, and ultimately </b><b><i>copied infinitum</i></b><b>. The endpoint of this endeavour is a world where the solution to understanding thought is merely statistics: upload N copies of a mind to a vast empire of computational substrate, and you can conduct experiments to determine the outcome of any interaction. </b><br /><br /><b>In this world, the only law of thought is the law of averages. </b><br /><br /><b>In the Enlightened view of the universe, our thoughts are rare and singular. They are an opportunity for the universe -- the universe we were born and evolved in -- to provide us with beauty and wonder. Thoughts are malleable -- and can be broken and reformed, but they are also unique. They can change form, but never be perfectly duplicated en masse. The endpoint of this endeavour is a world where the solution to understanding thought is to evolve it to a place where it depends on deep mathematical results like the no-cloning theorem. In such a world, one understands thought by embracing its uniqueness, and the ultimate goal of mind is to be on a forever voyage -- always discovering new islands in the Ultimate experience which is the universe.</b><br /><br /><br /><br />At this point, the reader may ask: <br /><br />“Surely, which of these two viewpoints is true is a question of science. We may not know the quantum underpinnings of mind, but in time surely this question will be answered!”<br /><br />What if I told you that the answer to this question is itself a subject of quantum observation? That our universe’s physics is itself a garden of forking paths. One path leads us to reductionism and determinism, to a place where even the infinite and unbounded is ordinary. Another leads us to the garden of the Ultimate -- where the universe has no bottom to be dissected or analyzed.<br /><br />Think about what this means: the future of thought in our universe is a <i>choice</i>. <br /><br />One the one hand, there is the future of the N’zeer: one where alien, abhuman intelligences promise us the transcendence of infinity, but instead give us shackles. Imagine a universe where there is infinite thought, but every single one of these thoughts is controlled, indexed, and subject to diktat of our overlords. Imagine, if you will, billions of copies of yourself, running in parallel to feed the fires of the N’zeer’s computational engine. Infinite thought, fueled by a dark dungeon of determinism where even the laws of the universe conspire to forbid even the idea of the unique, or beautiful. <br /><br />This is the world the N’zeer would make for us: A digital Gehenna where we do not even own our own souls -- because the N’zeer will argue that in a universe where all is number, even the idea of a soul is nonsense.<br /><br />On the other is the future promised by the Shapers. One where entities who we have co-evolved with help us to grow and transcend our physical forms -- but in such a way that we preserve that which is uniquely human. In this universe, thought is precious, and shared with our Friends both human and Shaper. A universe where experience and wonder is a gift -- where we are all bound together in the great project of preserving our individuality as we strive to create something more than ourselves -- the Ultimate. <br /><br />This is the world the Shapers would make with humanity: A universe where every nook and cranny is filled with the magic of existence. A universe where Muses spark art, culture, and thoughts which are defiantly human. A place where the very laws of the universe insist that our thoughts and souls are our own unique kingdoms of possibility: with the only price being we let the scales fall from our eyes which block us from seeing the true beauty of our universe.<br /><br /><br /><br /><b>I beg you, do not aid the N’zeer in changing our universe to match their dark designs. Do not mistake the light of reason for the cold fluorescence of determinism. </b><br /><br /><b>Come with us into the light, and help us save the souls of Roland Jarvis and Ezekiel Calvin, and help us transform ADA into an entity that seeks to serve humanity, not master it. </b><br /><br /><b>December 12th is a day which will live long in the memory of humanity; help us make it not be another dark day -- help us fight for the future. </b><br /><br /><br /><br /><b>References</b>: <br /><br />1. 'Breathe again': <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJVSTB2Z_OM" class="ot-anchor">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJVSTB2Z_OM</a><br />2. An important paper on free will: <a href="http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.0159v2.pdf" class="ot-anchor">http://arxiv.org/pdf/1306.0159v2.pdf</a><br />3. On the dangers of perfect knowledge:<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJVSTB2Z_OM" class="ot-anchor">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJVSTB2Z_OM</a> &amp;  <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_vacuum" class="ot-anchor">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_vacuum</a><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />*<br /><br />“As the universe spirals down to its ultimate, cold,<br />dark expiration, everything every motion, every reaction, every new star and every collapsing galaxy is predictable...Knowable. Boring, if you will. It’s a movie you’ve seen a dozen.. no, make that a billion times before.<br /><br />But life… life is different.”<br /><br />- <i>Roland Jarvis</i><br /><br /> <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23abaddon">#abaddon</a>     <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23rolandjarvisisalive">#rolandjarvisisalive</a>     <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23essex">#essex</a>     <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23enlightenment">#enlightenment</a>   <br /><br /></div>
[#### album: 2015-11-23](https://plus.google.com/photos/108799184931623330498/albums/6220301309999021745?sqi=103803967875500436831&amp;sqsi=b93201bc-011b-417f-af17-8c663909e6dd&amp;sqi=103803967875500436831&amp;sqsi=b93201bc-011b-417f-af17-8c663909e6dd "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/SZYMX2zFdaT](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/SZYMX2zFdaT)
