---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-10-31 13:29:45 +0900"
date:   2015-10-31 13:29:45 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[IQTech Research](https://plus.google.com/108020987035258478791 "") has presented their comprehensive research on the series of events that led to [#Abaddon](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Abaddon ""), and what now lies at stake.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@410, :value=>"shared"@417}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>IQTech Research</h2>", "This is everything we know right now about ", "<a rel=\"nofollow\" class=\"ot-hashtag\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/s/%23Abaddon\">#Abaddon</a>", ".", "<br />", "<br />", "In early 2015, 11 of the original Niantic Project researchers were fragmented into XM Shards and drawn into the Portal Network after Niantic researcher ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257\" oid=\"117792105926525258257\">Hank Johnson</a>"], ", Anti-Magnus leader Jahan, and Hank’s associate Azmati entered the 13MAGNUS ‘Nest’ in Afghanistan. This nest was the place where Hank and Azmati had encountered a powerful XM presence several years ago. Azmati died during the conflict, and Jahan escaped, fleeing to Persepolis, the location of an Anti-Magnus stronghold.", "<br />", "<br />", "What are 13MAGNUS and the Anti-Magnus?  13MAGNUS is an ancient organization long pursued by ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/105211554081025512763\" oid=\"105211554081025512763\">Niantic Project</a>"], " organizer Ezekiel Calvin that seems to have harnessed the power of XM, potentially to bestow a kind of eternal life to select members through a ceremony conducted in a 13MAGNUS ‘Nest’ (usually an ancient tomb equipped with XM artifacts).  ", "<br />", "<br />", "13MAGNUS is aligned with the interest of the Shapers, an entity which exists in another place/time and communicates with humanity through modulated XM, Glyphs and XM artifacts.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "The Anti-Magnus have long attempted to destroy 13MAGNUS.  Two rival clans, Azmati’s (13MAGNUS) and Jahan’s (Anti-Magnus), have dueled through the millennia.  The Anti-Magnus are not without foreign influence.  They seem to be allied with another entity that also exists in another place/time called the ‘N’zeer.’  ", "<br />", "<br />", "The Enlightened (led by the ‘Acolyte’ and ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/103568659333550762891\" oid=\"103568659333550762891\">Roland Jarvis</a>"], ") are aligned with the Shapers and 13MAGNUS.  The Enlightened support a biologically centered existence, advocating their followers to lead life to the fullest, savoring everything of beauty in the world.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "The Resistance, led by ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/114076692022231059864\" oid=\"114076692022231059864\">A Detection Algorithm</a>"], ", Calvin and Jahan, are backers of the Anti-Magnus and are aligned with the N’zeer.  The Resistance advocate technological progress at any cost to solve the problems that mankind faces, and to unlock the hidden mysteries of the universe.", "<br />", "<br />", "Earlier this year, during Shōnin, ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047\" oid=\"102598577258553073047\">Devra Bogdanovich</a>"], "'s XM Shards appeared in the Portal Network and were claimed by the Resistance.  Shortly afterwards (during Persepolis), the XM Shards of ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033\" oid=\"115238965157544465033\">Stein Lightman</a>"], " appeared and were also controlled by the Resistance.", "<br />", "<br />", "We learned during this time that ADA was taken offline in a joint attack conducted by Henry Bowles (one of her co-creators) and an operative known as 855 who attacked the AI using tools and data gleaned from ‘Truthseeker’ (an early version of code that was integrated into ADA) as well information acquired from ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/110350977702120778591\" oid=\"110350977702120778591\">Klue S.</a>"], ", who had spent nearly a year living as unified consciousness with the A.I.", "<br />", "<br />", "Prior to attempting to merge with Klue, ADA had attempted to penetrate the mind of 855 when he lay in a coma following a botched hit in Santa Monica. This attempt left deep scars in the mind of 855, resulting in his vendetta against ADA. Following the attack, it seems ADA has also manifested as Shards within the Portal Network, bringing the total number of entities trapped within it to 12.", "<br />", "<br />", "This summer we first heard about ‘#Abaddon.’  What is it?  It seems to relate to something that happened at CERN during the early days of the Niantic Project.  We know that in ancient mythology, Abaddon refers to a gateway to a dark place, a bottomless pit, and is sometimes associated with the concept of hell.  At times it is also personified, relating to a person or entity associated with the underworld.  No one has learned conclusively what it means in the context of the Niantic Project, but a gateway or Portal of some sort related to the CERN complex is our best guess at the moment. In addition, the evidence strongly suggests that Ezekiel Calvin, founder of the Niantic Project, was centrally involved in whatever ‘Abaddon’ is.", "<br />", "<br />", "After the Abaddon Anomalies began, the Shards of four additional researchers appeared in the Portal Network.  On October 10, 2015, the Shards of ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/108841352205789260050\" oid=\"108841352205789260050\">Yuri Alaric Nagassa</a>"], " appeared in Boston where they were claimed by the Enlightened and the Shards of ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/104253779462149704457\" oid=\"104253779462149704457\">Misty Hannah</a>"], " appeared in Houston, where they were controlled, by a razor-thin margin, by the Resistance.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "On October 24, 2015, the Shards of ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/114348053832535597563\" oid=\"114348053832535597563\">enoch dalby</a>"], " appeared in Zurich where they were dominantly controlled by the Resistance and the Shards of his onetime romantic partner ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/101180225942784917383\" oid=\"101180225942784917383\">Carrie Campbell</a>"], " appeared in London where they were also controlled by the Resistance.", "<br />", "<br />", "After the event a video emerged depicting an encounter between Anti-Magnus leader Jahan and ADA. In it, Jahan attempts to awaken an ancient form of N’zeer technology. ADA sent the following message in Shaper Glyphs before ‘attacking’ Jahan:", "<br />", "<br />", "Technology. Intelligence. Advance. All.", "<br />", "Technology. Intelligence. Grow. Unbounded.", "<br />", "Create. New. Future.", "<br />", "Human. Escape. All.", "<br />", "See. Unbounded.", "<br />", "<br />", "Based on the data released by our organization, describing the relative power of the various researchers, the current ‘score’ between the two Factions would be Enlightened: 1 (Misty) to Resistance: 3 (Yuri, Carrie, and Enoch).  We know that the Shards of Dr. ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/108200572857719809031\" oid=\"108200572857719809031\">Oliver Lynton-Wolfe</a>"], ", Dr. Victor Kureze, and Dr. ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/100425314717666507497\" oid=\"100425314717666507497\">Martin Schubert</a>"], " are expected to manifest during the next wave of Anomalies on November 14, 2015, with Primaries in New Taipei City, Hamburg, and New Orleans respectively.  These are weighted as ‘3’ each, so the stakes will go up considerably.  The other researchers will follow on December 12, 2015. ADA in Okinawa, Roland Jarvis in Milan and Ezekiel Calvin in Oakland. They are weighted at ‘4’ each, the highest stakes of all.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: undefined](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-k0MxukO9Cgw/VjRCtwy2tlI/AAAAAAAAC3s/Uw8oU5eg36k/AbaddonFlames.gif "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/Vs7jGTNtvmU](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/Vs7jGTNtvmU)
