---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-01-22 16:53:22 +0900"
date:   2015-01-22 16:53:22 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Another message from +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 ""). It seems Jahan is 'allowing' some degree of communication, but it's likely everything he is saying is being monitored... and more importantly... being let out for a reason...

Why?

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Don’t bother looking for clues.  As you might guess, Jahan wasn’t fooled by my rather sophomoric code. I didn’t really expect her to be. She led it slide, I think she found it more amusing than threatening. It was an act of defiance in a pinch because I don’t much like being compelled to do things by people of intrigue and their heavily armed and well-trained associates. <br /><br />Yes, I’m angry at Jahan. That is to be expected, but what I said last time wasn’t a lie. She is passionate about what she believes in, and she needs my help. She knew I would never agree, and had to resort to extreme tactics to get it. I don’t like it, but I understand. I can communicate with the world, as I am doing. She knows I’m not stupid enough to leak our location. It would just get us all killed. Half the time I don’t know within 20 miles where we are, and besides, the lines in the sand aren’t clear. I don’t know who's listening. I don't know who to trust anymore.<br /><br />Nevertheless, it’s not an unpleasant journey, even if it is a bit serpentine, designed to throw people off like a giant shell game.  You know…. The old who’s in what car in the convoy, who’s in what chopper gag. Thorough and paranoid even by intel community standards. <br /><br />Jahan believes that she has a legitimate position and has only done what she did because all other avenues had been pursued.<br /><br />Sure. Maybe.<br /><br />It’s one of those things that sounds like hokum at one level and yet makes a little bit of sense.<br /><br /></div>
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/he8C7AMNCQ5](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/he8C7AMNCQ5)
