---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-06-06 07:25:42 +0900"
date:   2015-06-06 07:25:42 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Dr. +[Edgar Allan Wright](https://plus.google.com/110289508116377658380 ""), through an XM encounter, a dream, a memory or perhaps some combination of the three may have just unlocked an unknown Glyph found in the recent message from Nigel Moyer to his daughter, +[Susanna Moyer](https://plus.google.com/101560858827970533247 "").

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@596, :value=>"shared"@603}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Edgar Allan Wright</h2>", "I had been reviewing this most fascinating document Nigel Moyer has brought to the surface. The next thing I remember, ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033\" oid=\"115238965157544465033\">Stein Lightman</a>"], " was standing in front of me. He was saying something... words, or perhaps just one word, and making a motion with his hands.", "<br />", "<br />", "The same motion again and again.", "<br />", "<br />", "We were surrounded by fire. Then by a dense network of rope being pulled in all directions. Each time he would speak and motion, our surroundings would change. Thousands of interlocking gears moving at impossible speeds. Energy flowing in a rigid pattern, like an infinitely complex circuit diagram. Then, radiant beams of light arcing and interacting, multiplying and dividing.", "<br />", "<br />", "We were inside of some kind of machine, watching it evolve and grow from within.", "<br />", "<br />", "I then realized I knew what he was saying (although I do not remember actually hearing his voice) He beckoned to the strange mechanism that surrounded us. 'The Technology,' he communicated. (I say communicated, because I do not know if he spoke or transmitted this idea to me through some other method).  ", "<br />", "<br />", "When it ended, I was unsure if this was an XM encounter, a dream, a lost memory or some combination of them all. Parts of it felt like a conversation I remember having during Waratah, but other aspects of it were quite surreal. I cannot be sure. ", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: 8d2k3ce222.046ry5q](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-hUMk_qw-jaA/VXIfF_chGvI/AAAAAAAAAI8/njsyTabDv8M/Technology.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/T5jNQv9LX6b](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/T5jNQv9LX6b)
