---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-04-27 04:30:36 +0900"
date:   2015-04-27 04:30:36 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") has an eerie encounter with one of +[Devra Bogdanovich](https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047 "")'s former mentors at the Magic Castle in Los Angeles.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@490, :value=>"shared"@497}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "There is some debate as to whether Harry Houdini ever lived in the mansion that holds his name in the Laurel Canyon section of Los Angeles. Some say he lived briefly across the street. But there can be no debate that a magical mist (or is it magic?) seems to drift down Laurel Canyon to Sunset, west to the strip and east up Hollywood and Franklin to the Magic Castle.  And there is no doubt that extremely enriched XM and perhaps even Chaotic Matter clusters in that area. Some kind of exchange, perhaps. I’m not sure how it works, but I feel it more now. That’s one thing about being like this again, more human. It is counter-intuitive, but I ‘feel’ these things more than I did before this change.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "To my surprise, the attendants there were expecting me, and I was led to the seance room when I got there. I expected to find ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/104253779462149704457\" oid=\"104253779462149704457\">Misty Hannah</a>"], ". I had theorized that somehow, given how powerful of a sensitive she is, she may have been immune to this almost cataclysmic XM-event that has caused so many others to disappear.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "It wasn’t her that I found. It was the famous, or infamous, depending on what you believe, Dr. ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/110289508116377658380\" oid=\"110289508116377658380\">Edgar Allan Wright</a>"], ". I first met him several years ago with ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/102598577258553073047\" oid=\"102598577258553073047\">Devra Bogdanovich</a>"], ". I never understood their relationship. I still don’t. It isn’t any of my business. He is eerily unchanged. ", "<br />", "<br />", "He said he knew I would be coming. He was cordial, but seemed distracted. Hunted. Haunted. Not surprising for a man who spent so much time in the ‘spookier’ areas of precognitive science. Pardon the pun. We talked for a while, on condition that I not reveal the content or nature of our discussions. He filled in some blanks. I will honor his request not to relate them, but the essential information will emerge over time.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "He said that a seance is a perfect metaphor for what is about to begin happening in the world, if his theories are right.", "<br />", "<br />", "At a that point, things started happening in the room. Strange sounds. Shaking. Spectral images. Moaning. I even heard what sounded like Misty’s voice muttering indistinguishable words. The lights flickered and went out. When they came back on again, he was gone. I’d never been in the Seance room before. I don’t know if that is what one expects in that room of the Magic Castle, or if this was something else.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: pStBn-xfiDg5vP-fpslqgpkbmklhliljdo](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-E3U3JkE0zcY/VTyAEeITGYI/AAAAAAAACo8/a8GF6gqwlPQ/w800-h868/Magic.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/CNhZPN3zCAQ](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/CNhZPN3zCAQ)
