---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-06-10 18:02:34 +0900"
date:   2015-06-10 18:02:34 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") prepares for his Nomad shoot and ponders the significance of Thaïs in the buried history of [#Persepolis](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Persepolis ""), as well as the millennia-long struggle for the control of Prime Transdimensional Objects -- powerful ancient Artifacts capable of true interaction with XM.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Quick update, Nomad Fans...<br /><br />The team is all set, we found a great location and scouted it today. The shoot is going to happen tomorrow if everything goes as planned. Looking forward to getting this in the can so I can move on to my next challenge... For better or worse, my journey to <a rel="nofollow" class="ot-hashtag" href="https://plus.google.com/s/%23Persepolis">#Persepolis</a> awaits... I've waited long enough, and it's time to move.<br /><br />Been enthralled by my continued research into Thaïs. The more I dig, the more I realize there's a dense network of secrets hidden within the stories of the past and beneath or near the ancient sites themselves.<br /><br />People like Azmati were at the tip of a spear that's been traveling through time, with incredible purpose, for thousands of years. And yes, Jahan too. Their lineages have been aligned to causes and goals that we're only becoming dimly aware of now.<br /><br />I suspect much of this has to do with a struggle for the control of what have been called 'Prime Transdimensional Objects'... original Artifacts capable of true interaction with Exotic Matter... Like the Shōnin Stone. The incomprehensible sophistication of the technology can't be replicated, but the form can. <br /><br />They become purely ornamental as the original is lost, forgotten or destroyed: Future generations recreate objects in their likeness, and over time they forget the true power of the original artifact, but they remember that the form is somehow meaningful.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: Quick update, Nomad Fans...
The team is all set, we found a great location and scouted it today. The shoot is going to happen tomorrow if everything goes as planned. Looking forward to getting this in the can so I can move on to my next challenge... For better or worse, my journey to #Persepolis awaits... I've waited long enough, and it's time to move.
Been enthralled by my continued research into Thaïs. The more I dig, the more I realize](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-BdSHxQa0Z0c/VXf7PE02ivI/AAAAAAAAC58/bP6jIuDQ7vg/w394-h651/Flame.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/4YT2QjcaXFv](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/4YT2QjcaXFv)
