---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-09-02 14:26:17 +0900"
date:   2015-09-02 14:26:17 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
13MAGNUS and Anti-Magnus. The next piece in the puzzle that lies at the heart of [#Abaddon](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Abaddon "").

Two paths into the future, and we lie at the convergence between them.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Klue S.</h2>The next piece in the puzzle: 13MAGNUS and Anti-Magnus.<br /><br />The conflict between them has spanned thousands of years, and affected most of our civilization's progress whether we were aware of it or not.<br /><br />The clash between them continues to this day, every Agent out there who is resonating Portals and building MU Control Fields for one Faction or another is a part of it.<br /><br />Did they manufacture the conflict between the N'zeer and the Shapers by allying with these different forces and carrying out agendas to support one or the other?<br /><br />Or was this conflict destined to be a part of our world all along, and 13MAGNUS and Anti-Magnus simply arose as a result of it.<br /><br />At their heart, they represent two distinct paths we can travel into the future. One of them Jarvis would have said leads to 'fulfillment within the Ultimate;' seeking to perceive the beauty in the world through wonderment and enlightenment. The other is the path that Jahan claims will end the terrible things that have chased us since we first became aware: Illness, war, inequality, ignorance. Technology, growing in sophistication and power, will lead us to the true nature of the universe.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: trocroc1jol5pvcylqfflj3x57r38](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-s0nfvM5JhXI/VeaHXNDf--I/AAAAAAAABBM/9l8xUCbgXnw/w1795-h720/Magnus.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/KbfbL3kuaaG](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/KbfbL3kuaaG)
