---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-04-20 11:49:05 +0900"
date:   2015-04-20 11:49:05 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
A signal from +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") as he enters the Valley of the Dead.

His message is broken, damaged by the power of the Anomaly Zone. Perhaps we can reconstruct it.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>S?irling, morphing terrain.<br /><br />I ?ave never entered??n anomalous?zone ?n th???for? before, ??ly as?I w?s be?ore.<br /><br />Bef?re Jaha% and t^e*Shōnin  ^tone.<br /><br />I see%why it was so ^dd%a%d terrifyin* to Jah$$(* gu)rds in Afgha%istan.<br /><br />%i%e$and s&amp;*ce bec%me uncle!r.<br /><br />Th&amp; mind is tested.<br /><br />J*h%$%seemed unf#zed th*u&amp;h,%#hen we wa&amp;k#% in#o the 13M%GNUS Nest.<br /><br />@ ^on(t know whet%er that me%n&amp;*s%e @s or %ad once !een a^sim(l%c&amp;um or ^he(her%sh! h%) pr*cticed some @or% o&amp; medi%ation to pr)tect herself.<br /><br />The Anaz*tec guide )%o is )e$ding m( also seems ca&amp;m.<br /><br />He reaches @ut his rough, wea%ered hand.<br /><br />I &amp;a%e it.<br /><br />I@ is*a^be$con in a con(us*ng storm.<br /><br />$hiseled w%lls...<br /><br />Illust&amp;a%$d...<br /><br />L&amp;ke*?argon's??ural???r ?rajan's co?umn? ?u??recursive.<br /><br />Rec?rsive ?i?es.  <br /><br />My hypo?hesis?abo?t th? An?zktec is not confi?med,?but it ?s getting clos?.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: S?irling, morphing terrain.
I ?ave never entered??n anomalous?zone ?n th???for? before, ??ly as?I w?s be?ore.
Bef?re Jaha% and t^e*Shōnin  ^tone.
I see%why it was so ^dd%a%d terrifyin* to Jah$$(* gu)rds in Afgha%istan.
%i%e$and s&amp;*ce bec%me uncle!r.
Th&amp; mind is tested.
J*h%$%seemed unf#zed th*u&amp;h,%#hen we wa&amp;k#% in#o the 13M%GNUS Nest.
@ ^on(t know whet%er that me%n&amp;*s%e @s or %ad once !een a^sim(l%c&amp;um or ^he(her%sh! h%) pr*cticed some](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-hBUy_Cxahf0/VTRnl2Co1RI/AAAAAAAACkM/ms5hulQOVPY/w1200-h675/ey9n5frpoeci4wsz4v.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YYmXmg8SJmm](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YYmXmg8SJmm)
