---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-05-04 11:09:08 +0900"
date:   2015-05-04 11:09:08 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
"One thing that is certain is that the keys to ancient truths are all around us. The only question that remains is whether the images are accidentally copied for their aesthetic, or whether they are deeply wired to the XM influenced portion of our brains."

What's the connection between a conflict that spans eras and a set of faded old bedsheets? Dr. +[Edgar Allan Wright](https://plus.google.com/110289508116377658380 "") has a theory that may hold water.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Edgar Allan Wright</h2>I received a mysterious parcel. The sender was undisclosed. The message read: “Answers you seek within – An Essexian.”<br /><br />Inside was a set of old and very faded bedsheets with graphics that reminded me of what one might find on an Oriental Rug.  Was this an attempt at humor?  Was the sender telling me I needed to get some rest.  I was puzzled.<br /><br />Coincidentally (?), I had strange dreams the first night. (I was not sleeping on the strange bedsheets, but I do suspect they were somewhere in my mind).  When I awoke, a sliver of light pierced through my blackout curtains.  At first I was annoyed, but then I observed that an Indian Palace printed on the sheets closely fit the description Hank Johnson offered of Jahan’s Palace.  I credited pareidolia – the cognitive function in humans that causes us to see patterns where none exist, but also causes us to make subconscious connections.  <br /><br />Then I realized that there were more images, and that these were the same images that Hank Johnson described from his dream.  How could they possibly appear on a commercially produced bed sheet?  It occurred to me that perhaps Hank had the same sheets and had integrated them into his dreams.  It’s an amusing concept, but wrong.  I knew the connection instantly.  These images were copied from an Afghan or Persian rug made hundreds or thousands of years ago.  Rugs were used to convey stories and sometimes secrets across the silk road. <br /><br />Hank's connection to the sheets and to both Jahan and Azmati told me that the images were part of an ancient tale of the relationship between these two families across millennia.  We saw the latest beat of that tale play out at the Shōnin Anomaly, for the Shōnin Stone itself is (or was, now that it has allegedly been destroyed) an artifact that the two families had sought since at least Alexander’s conquests.  It was a Prime Transdimensional Object (PTO)...  a source object that actually functions when exposed to sufficient quantities of XM.  So powerful are these objects that we have been copying them ever since:  Obelisks, Stonehenge (Resonation Patterns), Greek Pillars, Lingam Stones, Horns of Plenty and numerous other objects that have been passed down first as attempts to recreate Shaper and N’zeer magic/technology and then as purely ornamental objects.  Containers of memory and heritage.<br /><br />Hence ancient tale of palaces, mysterious mountains, elephant-riding traders and mysterious Portal-like flowers ending up unwittingly being told on bed sheets. <br /><br />One thing that is certain is that the keys to ancient truths are all around us. The only question that remains is whether the images are accidentally copied for their aesthetic, or whether they are deeply wired to the XM influenced portion of our brains.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: h8yay8af6o1nt](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-o2Cew_03gDM/VUbR5NDO6qI/AAAAAAAAAG4/aP89vsguOkE/w1600-h829/Fable.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/QbbnojU9jPe](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/QbbnojU9jPe)
