---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-03-19 15:04:29 +0900"
date:   2015-03-19 15:04:29 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "")'s story of his escape from the 13MAGNUS Nest in Afghanistan continues.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2><br /><b>These were my last moments in the 13MAGNUS Cave... and the last time I saw Azmati.</b><br /><br /><del>---------</del><br /><br />Before leaving the 13MAGNUS Nest, I verified that Azmati was dead. I could barely see him in the light, but he was cold to the touch. Unnaturally cold.  Shattered remnants of the Shōnin Stone and, for lack of a better term, the ‘transdimensional circuit board’ still pulsed with XM and I suspect Dark XM reactions, as did Azmati’s dagger.  <br /><br />It became clear to me that he had used the dagger to shatter the Shōnin Stone, a lifeless piece of rock when not pulsing with XM.  I took its pieces and the dagger with me. The shaking and crumbling subsided. <br /><br />I am trying to describe what it felt to be like in this space... it was like being inside a heart as it stops beating and finally comes to rest. Bad metaphor, but there was this sense of being within a living thing as it was fossilizing... A clay structure hardening in dry heat. <br /><br />I crawled towards the light, slowly regaining full use of my limbs.  By the time I emerged from the now inert Nest, I was united in mind and body. Fully reintegrated. Awake.<br />  <br />There was one other object on me, for which I had no explanation.  It was a coin hanging by a chain from my neck. I have no explanation for it. It looked Macedonian in origin... gold...  Outside the cave, I found a more practical object, an AK-47 next to the corpse of one of Jahan’s bodyguards. He’d been shot in the back of the head, either sniped or executed. I popped off a round. It was worth the noise, because I didn’t want to find out at the wrong time that the gun didn’t work.  <br /><br />I turned back and looked into the cave one more time. There would be no purpose in returning ever again. There could be no more fitting burial place for Azmati, and the shattering of the Shōnin stone had destroyed all that was functional about the cave. <br /><br />My reverie was broken by the sound of movement in the distance...<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: These were my last moments in the 13MAGNUS Cave... and the last time I saw Azmati.
-----------
Before leaving the 13MAGNUS Nest, I verified that Azmati was dead. I could barely see him in the light, but he was cold to the touch. Unnaturally cold.  Shattered remnants of the Shōnin Stone and, for lack of a better term, the ‘transdimensional circuit board’ still pulsed with XM and I suspect Dark XM reactions, as did Azmati’s dagger.
It became](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-zRoMMY-NU00/VQpkyL3i6WI/AAAAAAAACKg/-gR1DJ8zMdY/w1200-h1187/Gold.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/LEfFfaaLFo7](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/LEfFfaaLFo7)
