---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-05-03 14:54:43 +0900"
date:   2015-05-03 14:54:43 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") travels back to Jahan's palace as it once stood in a dream filled with cryptic imagery.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>I believe that spicy foods cause interesting dreams and I believe that dreams are partly your subconscious garbage disposal system and partly places of inspiration. ‘Of Horn and Ivory,’ as Homer put it.... but they are nearly always worthy of examination.  <br /><br />In last night’s dream, I was at Jahan’s palace.  Not, of course, as it presently stands, but as it once was – or was in the eyes of those who imagined it and built it in some ancient time.<br /><br />In front of the palace was what appeared to be a garden scene, a low circular fruit bearing plant, surrounded by taller, Italian Cypress-type trees and shorter shrubs. (Is it possible that this was a coded symbol for a resonated portal of ancient times?) I saw two people on elephants riding away from the palace. The one in the<br />back, the rider, was carrying something that at first appeared to be a sword, but might have been another kind of object. Before the driver was an ornamental object which looked suspiciously like the Shōnin Stone. <br /> <br />Then the scene switched to another place. A garden. A woman presenting a flower to an animal with curved horns, something like an impala. I was reminded of the Sheba Map from my investigation with Conrad Yeats. What was the meaning of this?<br /> <br />And there were other images. Mountains.  A city with a flower above it. <br /> <br />Then there was one other thing that struck me and haunts me to this moment. It was a man on a horse. He was living and spoke to me. I could not understand his words.  And I realized that I had seen this image on a rug in Azmati’s shop in Berlin.<br /> <br />I am trying to decode my dream, but don’t have enough clues.  Given my state of mind these days, I know it is about Persepolis, but I'm not quite sure how, yet.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: 5snafneig8jcaeymrnn66etdptiac](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-xMaaoaNdBYg/VUW1zDu6M4I/AAAAAAAACsw/g_55Qr15LPA/w800-h424/sheba.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/7zSvQtHkXBQ](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/7zSvQtHkXBQ)
