---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-10-29 13:24:09 +0900"
date:   2015-10-29 13:24:09 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
An update from +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") on his current activities, and his initial reaction to the news about +[A Detection Algorithm](https://plus.google.com/114076692022231059864 "") and Jahan.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>Hubert Farlowe has been with me for a while. He claims that Devra told him where to find me. I haven’t seen her or heard her in a while, but I’ve felt her. I’m still a sensitive, after all. <br /><br />Farlowe, on the other hand... he says he’s been talking to her. I don't know whether to believe him, but he's here, so... I guess the evidence supports the claim.<br /><br />I received a message from Jahan. In it she claimed she had nothing to do with the murder of Azmati’s Uncle. I guess this was before whatever happened at the Anti-Magnus nest. Or, at least, that seems more likely. I'm still processing what I saw in that video. Frankly, I don't know how I feel about what I witnessed. About what happened to Jahan. And to ADA for that matter. Good things will probably not come of this, I guess, is the general impression.<br /><br />As for the message. I’m suspecting that she’s telling the truth. Azmati's clan and Jahan's clan have struggled against each other for thousands of years. But they follow their traditions. They follow their own rules of engagement. It would be a violation of the ancient truce. <br /><br />Likewise, I did not cause the deaths in India. It was a team that was shadowing me. They were good. I thought I’d lost them, but I hadn't? Or was it 855 and Phillips? Or it could have been someone else...<br /><br />I don’t know. I couldn’t ID them.  Maybe somebody else. <br /><br />There’s no shortage of people who want to be rid me. I did retrieve some things from Azmati’s uncle’s place and thus, I have inherited the responsibility of carrying on their work. <br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: gtrykehsewtstnestkuieofhnicf](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-smhzbs-kDWo/VjGeDiH7nZI/AAAAAAAADSM/43KPQnW0wE4/w800-h800/Rules.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2CySKFetGB9](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/2CySKFetGB9)
