---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-03-18 17:36:36 +0900"
date:   2015-03-18 17:36:36 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") shares his memories of awakening in the 13MAGNUS Nest after Jahan's failed N'zeer summoning ritual using the Shōnin stone.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>These are my memories from waking up in the 13MAGNUS Nest after Jahan's Shōnin ritual went awry.<br /><br />I'll try and share as much of it as I can now, but it will likely take me a few days to get all this down. I'm on the move and need to conserve power and time.<br /><br /><del>------------</del><br /><br />As some of you suggested, I tested myself again with Azmati’s dagger.  I am no longer a simulacrum.  I am flesh again and presumably I’ll live out the rest of my life this way.  What’s it feel like?  How is it different than being an entity composed of XM?  Hard to describe.  A simulacrum sees, feels, hears, smells, tastes things almost like regular person.  There’s a shadow in there in the ‘almost.’ Suffice to say that a simulacrum could be utterly unaware that they were not human... I didn’t when I was a simulacrum.<br /><br />What was is like to return to my body?  Flash of light. Darkness. Low hum. Jolting. Pulsating. It felt like I was being ripped in and out of existence.  Like a very vivid real dream. I tried to touch my chest.  Nothing. Then something. Like waking from a very deep sleep.  I suspect that dreams transcend dimensions.  At least for sensitives.  <br /><br />My eyes snapped open to reality.  Colors flashed.  I saw strange, indescribable things.  I coughed up black liquid.  Glowing dust floated in the air like random pixels, light floated in thin tendrils.  I came to what, for lack of a better term, I will refer to as reality.  I was in the Nest.  The environment was unstable, it was like being inside an egg re-forming itself.  Strange things from beyond receded. Plasma tendrils withdrawing. <br /><br />The first human thing I saw was Azmati’s hand reaching, beckoning out from a body pinned under massive stones.<br /><br />I stumbled from the rock slab, towards his voice. I was not in command of my limbs.  I heard his voice echoing in the chamber.  “Go Hank.  You are 13MAGNUS now.  This has been your home for too long.  It’s time for you to live.  And someday, to die.”<br /><br />My own voice spoke,without conscious effort, as if the words were scripted. “Azmati.  Hang in there.  We can get you out of here.”<br /><br />Another massive stone fell from above crushing Azmati.  It’s cataclysmic. It shattered in sparks and energy, as if still fully resolving itself in this world.  I was knocked back, unconscious. More darkness.<br /><br />I woke again.  My lungs coughed up dust.  I crawled over stones towards a small glow of light away and above.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: These are my memories from waking up in the 13MAGNUS Nest after Jahan's Shōnin ritual went awry.
I'll try and share as much of it as I can now, but it will likely take me a few days to get all this down. I'm on the move and need to conserve power and time.
--------------
As some of you suggested, I tested myself again with Azmati’s dagger.  I am no longer a simulacrum.  I am flesh again and presumably I’ll live out the rest of my life this](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-Iu_plPXTDvg/VQk2RNEkJoI/AAAAAAAACJI/Ctu1qUwVVXc/w837-h837/TheKnife.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/FtrUjEDTAXc](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/FtrUjEDTAXc)
