---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-04-23 15:41:10 +0900"
date:   2015-04-23 15:41:10 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") is headed back stateside.

It's unclear if the visit to the Valley of the Dead changed him, or if these are simply the lingering effects of being exposed to such a powerful Anomaly Zone in his new form.

He intends to seek counsel from an individual who has a long and storied history with XM. I suspect I know who this is...

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@543, :value=>"shared"@550}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "Airborne again. Headed back stateside.", "<br />", "<br />", "Every now and again I stop and look at my hands. I don’t feel different. I don’t look different. And yet, the look in the Anazktec eyes as I was leaving...", "<br />", "<br />", "They saw me differently.", "<br />", "<br />", "For so long, only Yuri held their secret. Perhaps they wished it had stayed that way.", "<br />", "<br />", "I hope that's all it is.", "<br />", "<br />", "This will be a long ride. Close to 8 hours.", "<br />", "<br />", "I’m tired, but my mind is too awake to get much rest.", "<br />", "<br />", "When I get back, there are others I need to meet. Other researchers, both from within the ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/105211554081025512763\" oid=\"105211554081025512763\">Niantic Project</a>"], " and without.", "<br />", "<br />", "What’s clear is that new revelations and old secrets are emerging. The only real weapon I’m going to have when I face Jahan and whatever N’zeer technology she is trying to activate is knowledge. Information.", "<br />", "<br />", "There’s a person who knows a lot about the history of this conflict... someone who has been deeply involved in the study and use of XM over the last few decades.", "<br />", "<br />", "I hope he has some answers.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: NmmCVaSFRVyDXWV-1VkWY ](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-9vpwoqQwf4U/VTiSIB6ZHYI/AAAAAAAACn8/Mi66GzONp5s/w1200-h675/Echo.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/JaHaVWMUkDS](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/JaHaVWMUkDS)
