---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-03-21 17:54:24 +0900"
date:   2015-03-21 17:54:24 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "")'s retelling of his escape from the 13MAGNUS Nest continues with a strange dream... or was it a memory?

Also, it seems the Viator will be present at the Shōnin Anomaly in Hannover on March 28th.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2><br /><b>A strange vision overtook me. I saw into the past... was it real or a dream?</b><br /><br />----------------------------------------<br /><br /><i>Before I turn the clock back to the moments directly following my escape from the 13MAGNUS Nest, some current news. Following a lead that might lead me into familiar territory. Don't be surprised if I see you in Hannover at the Shōnin Anomaly on Saturday...</i><br /><br />----------------------------------------<br /><br />...I moved to cover and waited.  I didn’t hear anything more. This told me that whatever was moving in the distance was aware of me but wasn’t trying to kill me.  Not now, at least.<br /><br />Then something very strange happened.  I chanced to look up at the stars.  I was fixated on them.  Maybe it was because the image was eternal.  If I had lived millennia ago, they would look the same then as they do now.  <br /><br />Memories began to flood in, like the stars had caused me to access old files buried on a forgotten hard drive.  It had the time-machine quality of opening up an unused computer and being back in a moment long ago.  Deep memories.  Memories spanning centuries.  Paths walked.  Forgotten springs.  Valleys of fruit and flowers.  Women.  Children.  <br /><br />Riding on horseback across plains that stretched to the horizon.  <br />I see myself on a black horse.  Riding fast.  The Macedonian seal emblazoned on my cloak which streams behind me.  Bucephalus?  Had I ridden the Black Stallion?<br /><br />A woman rode with me, clinging.  In my visions I turned to see her face.  <br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: weqrrfniraphpd](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-DakSDLKAmJE/VQ0vhTwavbI/AAAAAAAACMU/2_xmK2r819g/Yesterday.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YactEqkTGvF](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YactEqkTGvF)
