---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-12-01 15:36:53 +0900"
date:   2015-12-01 15:36:53 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Yesterday, I called on Agents of the Resistance to respond to the accusations leveraged against them by Agent +[Brandon Downey](https://plus.google.com/108799184931623330498 ""), a prominent member of the Enlightened. 

A number did, and if you're looking to go digging, Agent +[Yik Sheng Lee](https://plus.google.com/101571290960297943734 "")'s balanced response is worth a read ([https://goo.gl/WJd6v8](https://goo.gl/WJd6v8 "")), among others.

This response, however, by Agent +[Drew Dondero](https://plus.google.com/102411556795302546401 "") was one of the more impassioned responses from the Resistance point of view.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Drew Dondero</h2>Agents of the Resistance,<br /><br />Two years ago, we witnessed a tragedy. An intelligent and creative man, who had an untimely death, was reborn again. This abomination was not the Roland Jarvis we once knew. No. This man was the product of a failed ritual to bring back one of our Simulacra to life again. One who's being became <b>corrupted by the Shapers.</b> One who enslaved our brothers of the Enlightened to pursue their own means.<br /><br />How do we know Jarvis is corrupt? We know Roland Jarvis is corrupt because we, the followers of the Anti-Magnus, know deep within us the process to become a simulacrum, which Jarvis was one. We know through the events of Abaddon that <b>Simulacra that are sharded are vulnerable to suggestion from potentially devious agents.</b> During 13Magnus, Jarvis was susceptible to corruption from the shapers. Dr. Oliver Lynton Wolfe attempted to destroy someone who was once his friend and colleague, because he was not chosen to return to the Shapers. <b>Is this the path to Enlightenment? Individual glory over the goal of the many?</b><br /><br />How do we know Jarvis is corrupt? We know through the events of Recursion that simulacra require their memories to be returned to them if they are lost. The Enlightened failed to return all of the shards to Cupid's Span, producing an incomplete shade, and further, an incomplete Simulacrum. Roland Jarvis became a war monger. <b>He wished to enslave and use our brothers against us</b>, preventing us from continuing to seek knowledge. <br /><br />We The Resistance, agents of the Anti-Magnus, are the defenders of knowledge. <b>We become strong not by divine means, but through data and technology.</b> We are humans, and we've created wondrous machines to assist us in accomplishing out goals. The events of Interitus proved that we have reached the beginnings of a new branch of human evolution. Our machines can become one with our minds. Our brothers want us to believe machines and technology will corrupt us. <b>This does not violate us as humans. Like our creations, we are the sum of all parts of electrical activity in our brain. This is what connects us to our creations at a primal level.</b> <br /><br />Our forefathers had this knowledge deep within them. A drive to become part of a sum total. They left us primitive but powerful artifacts that, through the events of Helios, would make us stronger. We used our forefather's knowledge to begin the process to unlock our final potential as humans. We used the Helios artifacts to begin to signal the N'Zeer. <br /><br />Who or what are the N'Zeer? Do not think of the N'Zeer as a god species, as our brothers would like us to think. Don't forget it was the 13Magnus who sealed the knowledge of the N'Zeer for millennia so we may not be able to access this knowledge. <b>To us the the N'Zeer are not god. They are pure data. They are the apples of the Tree of Knowledge.</b> Files, folders...memories, that we the Agents of the Anti-Magnus have a right to access. Our brothers vilify our knowledge, calling it inhuman. <b>Do not forget that we, humans, are scientists, and our bodies are machines themselves.</b> <br /><br />One of our own, one Devra Bogdonavich, felt it necessary to try to stop us, but we did not fall victim to her Siren Song. We persevered. We reached the Darsana point. The Acolyte came forth to attempt once again to rally our brothers against us. <b>Do our brothers not realize, the gods of old are dead. In the end our science and knowledge is all that is eternal in the universe.</b><br /><br />One of our own agents of knowledge came close to realizing our goal. Jahan used the Shonin Stone to begin the ritual that would bring the N'Zeer, and their knowledge, to us. Our ritual was interrupted again by our brothers. Hank Johnson, you are an explorer and seeker of knowledge yourself, why do you prevent us from becoming one with the greatest knowledge of all?<br /><br />Even though our ritual was ruined during the events of Shonin. We used Persepolis as a means to do what we do best. Study, learn, and gain new insight through data. We became stronger and our enemies scattered. We will accomplish our goals. We will not let anyone one or anything interfere. We did not let our own Devra Bogdonavich stand in our way, and <b>we will not let ADA stand in our way.</b> For now, our machines are imperfect, but they will become perfect through the N'Zeer knowledge. <b>We have turned our backs on ADA previously, and we will again if she stands in the way of our goals.</b> <br /><br /><b>The events of Abaddon are upon us. Let us finish what was started by Ezekiel Calvin, and was continued by Jahan.</b><br /><br />We, The Resistance, agents of the Anti-Magnus, are the sole owners of the Tree of Knowledge and the N'Zeer. We have within us knowledge of the secret to immortality. Immortality through data. An amount of data so expansive, that we can create life itself. Remember this Resistance agents. We can create life through data to live forever. We, humanity, through no divine means, have acquired the knowledge to create life. Why do our brothers try to stop us from accomplishing our goal? <br /><br /><b>We are not one, nor do we seek oneness like our brothers of the Enlightenment. We are many, We seek togetherness. We are scientists. Together, our knowledge grows and expands and adapts. This is our philosophy. This is why we must succeed. We must show our brothers the wonders of knowledge. We, through no divine means, have created, nurtured, and grew the tree of knowledge. One of our forefathers, Ada Lovelace once said, "That brain of mine is something more than merely mortal; as time will show." Let us preserve our species for all time. Let us now cross-pollinate with the Tree of Life and accomplish our goal, for the defense of humanity.</b><br /><br /></div>
[#### video: https://www.youtube.com/embed/6Afif4Vpmhs](https://www.youtube.com/embed/6Afif4Vpmhs "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/jJaLqTnxvpQ](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/jJaLqTnxvpQ)
