---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-04-19 16:41:50 +0900"
date:   2015-04-19 16:41:50 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
+[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") has chosen to wander into a potentially dangerous Anomaly Zone in the land of the Anazktec.

It is a risky choice...

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Hank Johnson</h2>I have decided I will go, and the Anazktec have agreed to take me to the Valley of the Dead.  <br /><br />I’m a little nervous about it for obvious reasons, but images in the Anazktec’s extremely complex tattoos suggest to me that there is something very important to be learned there.  I will not say more. If I am correct in my hypothesis, there is little chance that I am going to be followed into the valley. Whatever risk I face there will not come from someone trying to harm me.  <br /><br />The Anazktec were very amused by my parachute and asked if they could keep it. It seems that they had fashioned the one I had worn when I visited Yuri here while recruiting him for Calvin into clothing and jewelry.  They seemed to see the nylon string as precious and magical.  The irony is that if my suspicions about the caves in the valley of the dead are correct, they are connected to a level of science that is almost magical to us.  <br /><br />Fascinating and ironic.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: I have decided I will go, and the Anazktec have agreed to take me to the Valley of the Dead.
I’m a little nervous about it for obvious reasons, but images in the Anazktec’s extremely complex tattoos suggest to me that there is something very important to be learned there.  I will not say more. If I am correct in my hypothesis, there is little chance that I am going to be followed into the valley. Whatever risk I face there will not come from](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-jxQj3eETSnI/VTNX50cs6tI/AAAAAAAACi0/fyeWvfrQZGM/w800-h800/TheValley.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YBgqT5ZhNds](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/YBgqT5ZhNds)
