---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-08-11 14:38:15 +0900"
date:   2015-08-11 14:38:15 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Many have wondered what +[Klue S.](https://plus.google.com/110350977702120778591 "") would have to say about ADA's death.

Today, she speaks on the matter, but her response is surprisingly cold. I am trying to understand why.

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>Klue S.</h2>A number of Investigators have asked for my opinion on ADA’s strange swan song. <br /><br />As you know, she and I no longer share a consciousness. Since our separation, I have felt my old self returning. My capabilities returning (the ones I had before augmentation). <br /><br />I’ve had the desire for the first time in a long time to probe into the mysteries around me. To solve the puzzles, to read the signs, continue the Investigation. <br /><br />I’m hoping Richard will work with me again. It will be a difficult bridge to rebuild.<br /><br />As to my own condition, not only do I not feel the presence of ADA, but I feel an absence. <br /><br />I have no proof, but if you want my opinion, she is dead.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: A number of Investigators have asked for my opinion on ADA’s strange swan song.
As you know, she and I no longer share a consciousness. Since our separation, I have felt my old self returning. My capabilities returning (the ones I had before augmentation).
I’ve had the desire for the first time in a long time to probe into the mysteries around me. To solve the puzzles, to read the signs, continue the Investigation.
I’m hoping Richard will work](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-vmFXUQLA9m0/VcmIN_F1VGI/AAAAAAAAA4k/z19KgxnmeQg/w400-h388/LastSignal.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/3ofDFE5QMsz](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/3ofDFE5QMsz)
