---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-02-23 13:32:22 +0900"
date:   2015-02-23 13:32:22 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
I'm not sure how I missed this. I found it on a comment thread, it's an insight into the Shōnin stone from +[Stein Lightman](https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033 ""). I sent Stein a message earlier, suggesting he extract these ideas into their own post, but I haven't heard back yet so I'm doing it for him.

**"Someone had a theory years ago that some sacred objects have actual power.  For instance, the first, ancient Linga Stone probably worked. It was like a key and a lock.  It was activated by XM or Dark XM or some combination channeled in. See it not for its symbolic purposes, but practical purposes.  Until exposed to XM, it looked like an inert object. When exposed, it assumed its true transdimensional nature and functioned like a vital circuit in a circuit board.  **

**But it was a unique object.  Later generations tried to replicate it, but it was like making a model of a computer with clay.  But, they still remembered the original magic (after all, magic is science we don't understand) and so the object had symbolic power for them.  After that, the original object passed into myth, but the symbol carried  forward. The design maintained the legacy of the original's true power.**

**I think this goes for obelisks, Stonehenge is probably the human reproduction of a more ancient, functioning structure. ****+[Martin Schubert](https://plus.google.com/100425314717666507497 "")**** and ****+[Yuri Alaric Nagassa](https://plus.google.com/108841352205789260050 "")**** have convinced me that at one time there was an advanced technology on earth and that some of it exists still.  Imagine a phone that is not charged.  But when charged by a large infusion of XM, these things actually have a function. The Shōnin Stone is an authentic object."**
[#### photo: I'm not sure how I missed this. I found it on a comment thread, it's an insight into the Shōnin stone from +Stein Lightman. I sent Stein a message earlier, suggesting he extract these ideas into their own post, but I haven't heard back yet so I'm doing it for him.
*"Someone had a theory years ago that some sacred objects have actual power.  For instance, the first, ancient Linga Stone probably worked. It was like a key and a lock.  It was](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/-_7CyAfBOlvI/VOqqrscLOAI/AAAAAAAAfBo/NS1p6NwMssY/w1439-h803/Real.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/3B3U27C28yi](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/3B3U27C28yi)
