---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-11-08 17:26:24 +0900"
date:   2015-11-08 17:26:24 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
"Many questions. Not many answers. But clues. There are clues and scattered bits of evidence. Sometimes that's good enough."

x<div class="shared"><br /><h2>H. Richard Loeb</h2>It's becoming clear to me that the Niantic Project is coming full circle.<br /><br />Is it just me or was there something significant in the onboarding of the Niantic Investigators?<br /><br />A series of questions has been haunting me: If the investigators are appearing as XM shards, that means that they must have been simulacrum prior to Jahan activating the Shōnin stone.<br /><br />And if they were simulacrum, then... are they all dead? At least their human mortal coils?<br /><br />I mean... Hank died before he became a simulacrum...  And I guess the same could be said of Jarvis (if that's indeed what he was...)<br /><br />So… Are they dead? If so, when did they die, and where are the bodies buried?<br /><br />Many questions. Not many answers. But clues. There are clues and scattered bits of evidence. Sometimes that's good enough.<br /><br /></div>
[#### photo: It's becoming clear to me that the Niantic Project is coming full circle.
Is it just me or was there something significant in the onboarding of the Niantic Investigators?
A series of questions has been haunting me: If the investigators are appearing as XM shards, that means that they must have been simulacrum prior to Jahan activating the Shōnin stone.
And if they were simulacrum, then... are they all dead? At least their human mortal coils?](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-1bPwxFnPMjk/Vj8GmJPJ0CI/AAAAAAAABqU/eMva2Zpw-UY/w1200-h420/HornandIvory.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/dbsNENtuctR](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/dbsNENtuctR)
