---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-03-24 15:51:14 +0900"
date:   2015-03-24 15:51:14 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
"Now, I'm heading south and to sea level. In fact, I expect to be in a tropical oasis in what is otherwise a desert region within the next day or two. I can’t be more specific than that. I feel that it is best that I deliver the details of Azmati’s death in person. I owe his family at least that much."

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@317, :value=>"shared"@324}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Hank Johnson</h2>", "Walked for 12 hours this morning before I stumbled into a FOB.  Took some fast talking but they let me in.  Will be communicating in bursts, conserving power for the next few days. Keeps me harder to track, though I don’t know if I am being actively tracked.  I also suspect that for some time they were able to track me by XM signature.  Anyway the last few days have been cold and dust with occasional moments of spring.  Now, I'm heading south and to sea level. In fact, I expect to be in a tropical oasis in what is otherwise a desert region within the next day or two. I can’t be more specific than that. I feel that it is best that I deliver the details of Azmati’s death in person.  I owe his family at least that much.  ", "<br />", "<br />", "Covered some ground during the later part of the day.  Caught a ride on a Black Hawk headed south.  I'm convinced I caught a glimpse of Jahan’s caravan.  We were flying low and fast.  I saw some vehicles parked and someone standing nearby who can only have been her.  There was also a guy who looked like Antoine Smith.  They were stopped by a Wadi in an area known to be full of underground temples, some with magnificent carvings.  The pilot didn’t want to go around for another look. I pushed him as hard as I could, but eventually had to give in.  Apparently three birds have gone down near there, so I understand, but I was unhappy to have missed the opportunity.  I’ll find her trail again.  For now, I have some other business to take care of.", "<br />", "<br />", "It is great to be out in the world again -- smelling the winds, eyes burned by the light and dust, heart pounding in my chest, tasting the spices of the region -- and for a desert, this is a world of spices that have travelled long distances to get here. ", "<br />", "<br />", "I don’t know what ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/108200572857719809031\" oid=\"108200572857719809031\">Oliver Lynton-Wolfe</a>"], "'s status is.  From what I’ve quickly read -- it seems that ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/115238965157544465033\" oid=\"115238965157544465033\">Stein Lightman</a>"], ", ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/108841352205789260050\" oid=\"108841352205789260050\">Yuri Alaric Nagassa</a>"], " and ", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/100425314717666507497\" oid=\"100425314717666507497\">Martin Schubert</a>"], " are off the radar, and potentially missing. I don’t have confirmation of the others.  I do know that Farlowe is very much alive, but that’s another story for another time.", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: Walked for 12 hours this morning before I stumbled into a FOB.  Took some fast talking but they let me in.  Will be communicating in bursts, conserving power for the next few days. Keeps me harder to track, though I don’t know if I am being actively tracked.  I also suspect that for some time they were able to track me by XM signature.  Anyway the last few days have been cold and dust with occasional moments of spring.  Now, I'm heading south and](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-qFhDAQYovxI/VREIG_A0wqI/AAAAAAAACQc/AFnVMcKHiqg/w800-h600/Condolences.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/S4zHsGNcg3Y](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/S4zHsGNcg3Y)
