---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2015-01-03 17:00:37 +0900"
date:   2015-01-03 17:00:37 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
Yesterday, a video from a temple in India revealed that Jahan had turned the tables on +[Hank Johnson](https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257 "") and that Azmati had also been captured by forces loyal to her. It was a blow, but not one without warning signs.

+[Misty Hannah](https://plus.google.com/104253779462149704457 "") rarely shares her opinion on the going-ons of this investigation, but it seems what she saw happen to Hank yesterday was too much for her to go silent.

x{:element=>{:name=>"div", :attributes=>[{:name=>"class"@756, :value=>"shared"@763}], :children=>["<br />", "<h2>Misty Hannah</h2>", "I don't speak here often. Most of the time, it's because I really don't have much to say. When I put Niantic in my rear view, it was for a good reason. The lies, the power plays, all that stuff. Look, I've been a part of that world since I was way too young. I was happy to have some space to just be myself. Whatever the hell that means.", "<br />", "<br />", "Anyway, that's a long way of saying, what I saw yesterday upset me in a big way. Mainly because I saw it coming. Not in the spooky something in my gut kind of way. Well that too, but not all that. Many of us saw this coming.", "<br />", "<br />", "I see what Hank liked about her. She's a looker, she's intelligent and charismatic. But there were signs, right? He knew he was in an ocean full of sharks. No island in that kind of an ocean is ", "<i>that</i>", " perfect. Right? ", "<br />", "<br />", "And Azmati. Walking headfirst into a situation like that? ", "<br />", "<br />", "I tried to warn both of them.", "<br />", "<br />", "Why? After all I don't know either of them too well. But frankly there's not many of us left on this side of the line, and I hate looking at the world like that, but it's just the way it is. Too few of us.", "<br />", "<br />", [["+"], "<a class=\"proflink\" href=\"https://plus.google.com/117792105926525258257\" oid=\"117792105926525258257\">Hank Johnson</a>"], ", you are a stupid, stupid, brave man and I hope to hell I see you again on the far side of this mess you've gotten yourself into. ", "<br />", "<br />"], :ignore=>true}}
[#### photo: 9kme4notp2y2o](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-uhdaeOJ-C-g/VKeUITTZvaI/AAAAAAAAAO4/cAoI4NNCBY8/Deceiver.jpg "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/JkzmcdE3zbn](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/JkzmcdE3zbn)
