---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2016-02-27 23:17:58 +0900"
date:   2016-02-27 23:17:58 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
[#IngressObsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23IngressObsidian "") Madrid Measurement 2 Scores. The Resistance are in the lead. E: 432 to R: 855.

At Measurement 2, the Resistance solidify their standing. Despite the loss of their overhead Field, the Resistance held strong across the Volatiles to maintain a firm 423 point lead. The Enlightened controlled a majority of the Cluster Portals, and made progress with the creation of Links and Anchored Fields, but not enough to generate a boost in score. Two Measurements remain, and the pressure is on the Resistance to further erode the lead established earlier today in Hamamatsu.

**[#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "")****: Madrid - Measurement 2 Report**			

The **Resistance** captured this Measurement, 366 to 210.			
The **Resistance** currently control this Satellite Site, leading by 423.			

Portals Owned - RES: 19 - **ENL:** 23 - [Value: 6 each]			
Volatile Portals Owned - **RES:** 21 - ENL: 6 - [Value: 12 each]			
"Links Created - RES: 7 - ENL: 9 
[Values: 15 to 29 = 90, 30 to 49 = 180, &gt;50 = 300]"			
"Anchored Fields Created - RES: 0 - ENL: 3
[Values: 5 to 14 = 40, 15 to 24 = 120, &gt;25 = 200]"			
"Strategic Field - NONE
[Value: 50% of opponent's Values this Measurement, rounded]"			

Values acquired this Measurement:			
Portals - RES: 114 - **ENL:** 138			
Volatile Portals - **RES:** 252 - ENL: 72			
Links - RES: 0 - ENL: 0			
Anchored Fields - RES: 0 - ENL: 0			
Strategic Field - RES: 0 - ENL: 0			

**Total for this Measurement:**
**Resistance** - 366 - Enlightened - 210

**Total for this Satellite Site:**
**Resistance** - 855 - Enlightened - 432

**Measurement Time Details:**
Original: 6:42 (Minutes:Seconds within Measurement Window)
Padded String: 2#%{b/###6:42###^Ji)5q`s|sUt`5dSx
SHA256 of Padded String: 16edc1dde652686f317909b1cdd2df9a98fd6115f620d4fd80eca60b8ea19407

**Portal Ownership Details**

E - Angel Wire Sculpture
E - Café Oliver Bar Restaurante
E - Carlos Fernández Show
E - Casa De Tócame Roque
E - Corazón
E - Cúpula San Lucas
E - Edificio Artístico Alonso Martinez
E - El Pájaro Panadero 
E - Graffiti Del Bebedor
E - Grafiti Bicho Verde
E - Grafiti Car 10
E - Grafity Vs Moto , Pero Con Clase.
E - Horno San Onofre 1870
E - Moto vs grafitti
E - Mural Natural
E - Mural Regalos Vintage
E - Parroquia Santa Bárbara
E - Slim Fishes
E - Sta Maria Novella
E - Super Mario Plant Graffiti
E - Taller Spacial
E - Te Veo
E - XIX Building In Barco Street
E VOL - Aceptando El Mundo Comienzas a Cambiarlo
E VOL - By the Face
E VOL - Estatuas
E VOL - Lápiz Sonriente
E VOL - Monumento a Juan Valera
E VOL - Teatro Marquina
N - Metro Chueca
N - Museo Del Romanticismo
N - Underwood
R - Arquitectura Argensola
R - Autoescuela Venecia Classic
R - Casas
R - Edificio Mejia Lequerica
R - Iglesia Catedral Del Redentor
R - Iglesia Valverde
R - Instituto Francés 
R - Jean Jacques Rousseau
R - Lugar De Encuentro Chillida
R - Mercado de Fuencarral
R - Mercado de San Anton
R - Monumento al Teniente Ruiz
R - Palacio de Longoria
R - Plaza De Los Cubos 
R - Real Academia Ciencias 
R - Revancha. 
R - Señora Pérez
R - Teatro Maria Guerrero
R - Tortuga En Infantas
R VOL - Amor A La Poesia
R VOL - Antigua Embajada Británica
R VOL - Antiguo Cine Avenida
R VOL - Bárbara de Braganza
R VOL - Copa de Higía con Girasoles
R VOL - El Apaño
R VOL - El Oso
R VOL - Fuente
R VOL - Grafiti De Bichos
R VOL - Jardín Museo Romanticismo
R VOL - La Casa De Las 7 Chimeneas
R VOL - La Nicoletta
R VOL - La Panza Es Primero
R VOL - Le Salon D'Apodaca Street Art
R VOL - Madrid La NUIT
R VOL - Mercenarias Gongoras
R VOL - Monasterio San Plácido Benedictinas
R VOL - Palacete Ametller
R VOL - Pensamiento amarillo
R VOL - Vazquez de mella
R VOL - Árbol callejero
[#### photo: #IngressObsidian Madrid Measurement 2 Scores. The Resistance are in the lead. E: 432 to R: 855.
At Measurement 2, the Resistance solidify their standing. Despite the loss of their overhead Field, the Resistance held strong across the Volatiles to maintain a firm 423 point lead. The Enlightened controlled a majority of the Cluster Portals, and made progress with the creation of Links and Anchored Fields, but not enough to generate a boost in](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-rL0AoeVCT28/VtGwETQlf9I/AAAAAAAAiu4/hRQvQv1gKCM/w800-h600/madrid_m2.png "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/MNfXUrnk2E7](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/MNfXUrnk2E7)
