---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2016-02-28 04:21:42 +0900"
date:   2016-02-28 04:21:42 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
[#IngressObsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23IngressObsidian "") Rio: E:11 - R:23. 2 Shards uncaptured.  Milwaukee @ M1: RES lead. E:156 - R:420

In Rio de Janeiro, the Resistance have been moving forward aggressively, they lead by 12 Shards. Only 2 Shards remain uncaptured. 8 Targets remain to Manifest, however they may be destined to remain untouched. This has been a fast paced and high stakes Anomaly, as the Resistance continue to level the playing field for the day. Just under an hour remains in Rio.

Milwaukee has entered the spotlight with equal ferocity... at Measurement 1, the Resistance have taken a lead of 264. The Enlightened currently trail across the board, from Cluster Portals to Anchored Fields… they will need to focus and bring a viable strategy into action in order to keep this Anomaly from spiralling out of their control. 3 Measurements remain in Milwaukee.

**[#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "")****: Rio de Janeiro**
Flash Shard Update: 16:00:00 Jump Window, Local Time (BRT)

Enlightened: 11 Shards
Resistance: 23 Shards

"At the time of this update, the Resistance led by 12 Shards.

2 Shards are currently live in the Anomaly Zone and remain uncaptured.

0 Shards, 2 Enlightened Targets and 2 Resistance Targets have yet to manifest.

3 Jump Windows remain in this Anomaly."

**[#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "")****: Milwaukee - Measurement 1 Report**
The **Resistance** captured this Measurement, 420 to 156.
The **Resistance** currently control this Satellite Site, leading by 264.
Portals Owned - **RES:** 23 - ENL: 8 - [Value: 6 each]
Volatile Portals Owned - RES: 6 - **ENL:** 9 - [Value: 12 each]
Links Created - **RES:** 24 - ENL: 4 
[Values: 15 to 29 = 90, 30 to 49 = 180, &gt;50 = 300]"
Anchored Fields Created - **RES:** 18 - ENL: 1
[Values: 5 to 14 = 40, 15 to 24 = 120, &gt;25 = 200]
Strategic Field - NONE
[Value: 50% of opponent's Values this Measurement, rounded]
Values acquired this Measurement:
Portals - **RES:** 138 - ENL: 48
Volatile Portals - RES: 72 - **ENL:** 108
Links - **RES:** 90 - ENL: 0
Anchored Fields - **RES:** 120 - ENL: 0
Strategic Field - RES: 0 - ENL: 0

**Total for this Measurement:**
**Resistance** - 420 - Enlightened - 156

**Total for this Satellite Site:**
**Resistance** - 420 - Enlightened - 156

**Measurement Time Details:**
Original: 8:47 (Minutes:Seconds within Measurement Window)
Padded String: La,2@[q###8:47####Uq&amp;;V+'0X
SHA256 of Padded String: 13bd3d95768ba6616f1209f2f7eed180700ee042aea9efb69af00af8faffbf40

**Portal Ownership Details**

E - Aura Bar
E - Burns Commons 
E - First Ward Triangle
E - Lincoln Center Of Arts 
E - Milwaukees Ugliest Building
E - Robert Burns Club
E - St. Paul's Episcopal Church
E - The Knickerbocker Hotel
E VOL - Archbishop Weakland Center
E VOL - Juneau and Prospect
E VOL - Margaret Loock Hall
E VOL - Robert Burns Statue
E VOL - Solomon Juneau
E VOL - The County Clare Pub Wall Mural
E VOL - The Flushing Station
E VOL - The Green Gallery (East)
E VOL - US Post Office
R - All Saints Episcopal Cathedral
R - Astor Hotel Plaque 
R - Bollywood Grill
R - Brew City Church
R - Burns Commons 
R - Cass Street Park
R - Cleopatra's Wedge
R - College Women's Club
R - Edward Diederichs House
R - Immanuel Presbyterian Church
R - Immanuel Presbyterian Church
R - Jason Downer House
R - Jason Downer House
R - Junior Club of Milwaukee
R - Kids Grafitti
R - Park Fountain
R - Red Bird Tree
R - St Rita Church
R - Summerfield United Methodist Church 
R - The Astor Hotel
R - The First Unitarian Church of 
R - The Prospect Avenue
R - Todd Wehr Science Center
R VOL - David Barnett Gallery
R VOL - Karma Wall
R VOL - Kid with Duck
R VOL - Old Mount Zion
R VOL - The Globe of Destiny Monument
R VOL - The Plaza

[#IngressNews](https://plus.google.com/s/%23IngressNews "")
[#### photo: #IngressObsidian Rio: E:11 - R:23. 2 Shards uncaptured.  Milwaukee @ M1: RES lead. E:156 - R:420
In Rio de Janeiro, the Resistance have been moving forward aggressively, they lead by 12 Shards. Only 2 Shards remain uncaptured. 8 Targets remain to Manifest, however they may be destined to remain untouched. This has been a fast paced and high stakes Anomaly, as the Resistance continue to level the playing field for the day. Just under an hour](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-I0hd1k0nZ48/VtH3OyICxFI/AAAAAAAAi0I/JMMQ3-3VizQ/w450-h600/mke_1.JPG "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/X4wbXSBsivE](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/X4wbXSBsivE)
