---
layout: post
title:  "Niantic Project: 2016-02-28 05:18:45 +0900"
date:   2016-02-28 05:18:45 +0900
categories: nianticproject
---
[#IngressObsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23IngressObsidian "") Rio claimed by RES. Enl:12 - Res:24. Milwaukee @ M2: RES lead. E:264 - R:732

In Rio de Janeiro, every Flash Shard was captured and accounted for, and the Resistance prevailed resoundingly as the Anomaly came to a close. The Resistance captured twice as many Shards as the Enlightened, and reduced the Enlightened lead in [#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "") to 2287.

In Milwaukee, where Measurement 2 has just struck, the Resistance have extended their lead to 468 and continue to emerge as a dominant force. 2 Measurement remains in this Anomaly.

**[#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "")**** Series Score** (does not include Milwaukee… Anomaly in Progress)
Enlightened: 9528
Resistance: 7241

**[#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "")****: Rio de Janeiro**
**Flash Shard Anomaly - Final Report**

Enlightened: 12 Shards
Resistance: 24 Shards

Final Anomaly Score:
(Each Shard has a value of 100 in the [#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "") Anomaly Series.)
Enlightened: 1200
Resistance: 2400

This Flash Shard Anomaly was controlled by the Resistance, who claimed 24 Shards.

The Enlightened trailed with 12 Shards.

Congratulations, Agents.

**[#Obsidian](https://plus.google.com/s/%23Obsidian "")****: Milwaukee - Measurement 2 Report**
The **Resistance** captured this Measurement, 312 to 108.
The **Resistance** currently control this Satellite Site, leading by 468.
Portals Owned - **RES:** 21 - ENL: 8 - [Value: 6 each]
Volatile Portals Owned - **RES:** 8 - ENL: 5 - [Value: 12 each]
Links Created - **RES:** 20 - ENL: 0 
[Values: 15 to 29 = 90, 30 to 49 = 180, &gt;50 = 300]
Anchored Fields Created - RES: 1 - ENL: 0
[Values: 5 to 14 = 40, 15 to 24 = 120, &gt;25 = 200]
Strategic Field - NONE
[Value: 50% of opponent's Values this Measurement, rounded]
Values acquired this Measurement:
Portals - **RES:** 126 - ENL: 48
Volatile Portals - **RES:** 96 - ENL: 60
Links - **RES:** 90 - ENL: 0
Anchored Fields - RES: 0 - ENL: 0
Strategic Field - RES: 0 - ENL: 0
**Total for this Measurement:**
**Resistance** - 312 - Enlightened - 108

**Total for this Satellite Site:**
**Resistance** - 732 - Enlightened - 264

**Measurement Time Details:**
Original: 0:56 (Minutes:Seconds within Measurement Window)
Padded String: &lt;`CmbE#$]Ol[b###0:56###ac
SHA256 of Padded String: 0304d3b26a750346bc414063361d79c8f2102ad60b163449587d79d699974a1a

**Portal Ownership Details**

E - 1000 North Water Street
E - Blatz Brewing Co.
E - Concrete Mural
E - Kidz Stage
E - Laureate
E - Master Forger
E - Red Arrow Memorial
E - You Rise Above the World
E VOL - Engine Ladder 1
E VOL - Gallagher's Irish Pub
E VOL - John Hinkel's Central Hall
E VOL - Peck Pavilion
E VOL - Red Arrow Park
N - Glass Blower
N - Marcus Center
N - Marcus Fountain
N VOL - Father Marquette's Camp - 1674
N VOL - Temple XXIV
R - 32nd Division Memorial Plaque
R - AJ Bombers
R - Allen Bradley Hall of Science
R - Brass Trees
R - City of Milwaukee Plaque
R - German-English Building
R - Grace Lutheran Evangelical Church
R - Greek Orthodox Church
R - Margaret Loock Hall
R - MSOE Kern Center
R - MSOE Rader School of Business
R - Rogues Gallery
R - Statue
R - Tanner
R - Trigon
R - Village Church ELCA
R - Walter Schroeder Library
R - War Memorial PAC
R - Water Street Brewery
R - Werwath Mall
R - Work
R VOL - Crescimus Sculpture
R VOL - Grohmann Museum
R VOL - MSOE Spirit Rock
R VOL - North End Tower 
R VOL - Pillar Of The Community
R VOL - Stephen J. Bollinger Memorial Plaque 
R VOL - Tangled
R VOL - Valentin Blatz Brewing Company
[#### photo: #IngressObsidian Rio claimed by RES. Enl:12 - Res:24. Milwaukee @ M2: RES lead. E:264 - R:732
In Rio de Janeiro, every Flash Shard was captured and accounted for, and the Resistance prevailed resoundingly as the Anomaly came to a close. The Resistance captured twice as many Shards as the Enlightened, and reduced the Enlightened lead in #Obsidian to 2287.
In Milwaukee, where Measurement 2 has just struck, the Resistance have extended their lead](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-0flU0JZIFPA/VtIEoaUxVrI/AAAAAAAAi00/P50QNJh-bPY/w800-h600/mke_2.JPG "")
- - -
[https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/KFLBbj6g3y2](https://plus.google.com/+NianticProject/posts/KFLBbj6g3y2)
